Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I have been having a lot of anxiety lately. And I would like to talk about my sister.

Clinician: Okay. What is it that's been going on with your sister?

Client: Well she has been physically abusing me for as long as I can remember. And I have been feeling very unsafe since she moved back in.

Clinician: I'm really concerned about you. Can you tell me more about what you've been experiencing?

Client: Well I have always had depression and anxiety. But when she moved back in, it got a lot worse.

Clinician: So, can you tell me more about what she has been doing that makes you feel unsafe?

Client: Well she used to be nice. And then she would get really angry at little things. And when I started speaking up, she would get physical.

Clinician: So, it sounds like you've been trying to protect yourself. What have you done in the past to keep yourself safe?

Client: Well I started spending more time in my room. But when she moved back in, she would grab me and push me against the wall and tell me that I can't hide.

Clinician: So, what have you done to deal with her anxiety?

Client: Well when she was away, I was able to have some space. But now that she is back, I don't feel safe at all.

Clinician: Well, I do want to let you know that if you need help, that I am here for you and we can work together on coming up with a plan to keep you safe.

Client: Well that would be very nice. I would feel much better knowing that someone had my back.

Clinician: Well, I will definitely be checking in with you in a few days to see how things are going.

Client: That would be great. Thank you so much.

Clinician: You're welcome.

Client: Have a great day! Good bye!

Clinician: Goodbye.

Client: I hope you can help me! I don't know what to do!

Clinician: I-I'm sorry to hear that. Um, would you mind if I asked you a little bit more about what's going on?

