Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I've been better. I've been up most nights studying. It feels like everyday is dragging me down. I've lost a lot recently-my father died, my mom left, my boyfriend's in jail.

Clinician: It sounds like you've been going through a lot, and I can tell that you've been working hard to keep busy.

Client: I have. I know that when I'm studying, I'm not thinking about everything else. It's just me, my book, and my notes.

Clinician: So studying helps take your mind off of all the things that are going on in your life right now?

Client: It does, yes. I feel like when I'm studying, I'm doing something productive.

Clinician: And that's something you want to do.

Client: Yes. It's something I know I need to do. I'm not sure if I'm doing it right, but I know I need to keep trying.

Clinician: So you're trying to be successful in life and you're trying to go to school and you want to get a good job and you want to be independent. And studying is a way to help you reach those goals?

Client: It is. I want to be able to support myself, and studying feels like the only way to do that.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. And it feels like you're making progress. You're able to go to class and you're able to study and you're able to get your assignments done.

Client: Yes, most of the time. I'm having a little trouble with one of my classes. I keep getting the assignments mixed up.

Clinician: Okay. So you're almost there. You're just missing that last piece.

Client: I think so. I just have to get myself organized, I think.

Clinician: Okay. Well, I'm glad you're making progress. I'm proud of you for being able to attend class and for being willing to work on your plan. Um, let's take a look at the form again. It shows your goals, your strengths, your resources, and your plan.

Client: Okay. I just need to make sure I can organize my work.

Clinician: Okay. Well, we've talked about a couple of ideas that might help. Um, I know you mentioned the campus resource center. Have you ever stopped by there?

Client: I have not. I didn't know it existed.

Clinician: Well, it's a great resource. They can help you with budgeting, childcare, and even with organizing.

Client: Really? I hadn't heard about it. I could definitely use some help with that.

Clinician: Okay. So, on a scale of 1 to 10, how confident are you that you could stop by and take advantage of these resources?

Client: I'm a nine. I think it'll really help me to have someone show me the ropes.

Clinician: Great. Well, I'll be happy to help you schedule an appointment with a case manager.

Client: Thank you. That would really help.

Clinician: You're welcome.

Client: I'm feeling much better. I think this will really help me get through the rest of the semester.

Clinician: That's great to hear. I hope to see you back here next week.

Client: Thank you. Have a nice day.

Clinician: You too.

Client: Hi. I think I have a good plan. I'm feeling more organized, and I've found a few resources on campus that can help me with my studying.

Clinician: That's great to hear. So, you've already taken a couple of steps to be successful in this class.

Client: I have. I've also thought about my relationship a bit more, and I think I'm going to stick with it. It's been hard, but I think it'll be worth it in the end.

Clinician: That's great to hear. So, you've been able to take a stand and stick with your goals.

Client: I have. It's been hard, but I think I'm doing the right thing.

Clinician: Well, that's awesome. I think you've got this. I'm very proud of you.

Client: Thank you. I'm feeling a lot better.

Clinician: You're welcome.

