Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: Hi. Thanks for offering to listen. I'm having a tough time lately-struggling to be productive.

Clinician: Mm. Tell me more about that.

Client: I've been trying to work on my research paper, but I just feel like it's going so slowly. I know I should be trying harder, but I just can't seem to do it.

Clinician: Okay. So you have a deadline coming up for this research paper and you feel like you're not making any progress on it?

Client: Yes. I've been working on it for weeks, but I've just gotten so little done. I know I need to step it up, but I just feel so behind already.

Clinician: Okay. So you're feeling behind and you feel like you need to make some progress, but you're not feeling particularly motivated.

Client: Right. I'm trying to tell myself that it's okay to go slowly, but my advisor is saying that it needs to be better.

Clinician: Okay. So on the one hand, you're trying to manage your stress by going at a pace that feels comfortable to you, but on the other hand, your advisor is pushing you to get more done.

Client: Yes. And then I'm feeling like a failure because I'm not doing well.

Clinician: So you're feeling a little bit torn between what feels good and what feels like what you need to do.

Client: Yes. It's hard to know which way to turn.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. Well, what would happen if you were to choose the path of doing what you think would make you feel the most confident?

Client: I'm not sure. Maybe I'd feel more confident if I were getting it done more quickly?

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: Or maybe I'd feel even more pressure because I'd be falling behind even further.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: It's hard to tell because I'm not sure what the end result would be.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So, you've got a lot of information that you've gathered about the situation, but you're not quite sure how to interpret that information.

Client: Yes. I'm trying to piece it together and understand how to move forward.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: It's a bit tricky.

Clinician: So, you've got a lot of reasons why you don't want to inject?

Client: Yeah. I'm afraid of being seen as someone who needs help to be normal.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I'm also afraid that I'm going to be on it forever, and I just can't imagine that.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I know I should talk to my doctor more about it, but I just feel uncomfortable bringing it up.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So, it sounds like you're really concerned about how taking medication will affect how you look and how you feel.

Client: Yes. It feels like a big step, and I don't know if I'm ready for that.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I feel like I should be able to do this on my own.

Clinician: So, you feel like you've got this all figured out, and it sounds like it would be really helpful if you were to talk to your doctor about some options.

Client: I know. I know I should, but it's hard to actually do it.

Clinician: Okay. So, it sounds like you're kind of torn right now. You know that you need to see your doctor, but you're not quite ready to take that step.

Client: Yes. It's a big step, and I'm afraid of what will happen if I start.

Clinician: So, it sounds like it would be helpful if we could just talk about this and maybe brainstorm a few ideas about how you could make an appointment.

Client: That would be great. I just don't know how to start the conversation.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. Well, let's think about what we know. We know that you have a primary care provider. We know that the clinic is located just a few blocks from your house.

Client: Yes. It's pretty easy to get to.

Clinician: So, what could you do with that information?

Client: Maybe I could just tell my doctor that I'm feeling a bit depressed and want to discuss my options.

Clinician: That's a great first step.

Client: I could also see if I could get an appointment soon. I know I need to do something.

Clinician: It sounds like you're ready to take steps to manage your depression.

Client: I think I am. I know it won't be easy, but I have to try.

Clinician: I'm here if you want to talk more about this.

Client: Thanks. I appreciate it. I feel like I have a few ideas now about where to go.

Clinician: I appreciate that you're taking steps to manage your depression, and I wish you all the best.

Client: Thank you! You too. Have a good rest of the day.

Clinician: You too. Have a great day.

Client: Thanks. Bye.

Clinician: Bye.

