Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I've been trying to decide if I should try to get back with my ex. I feel so lonely.

Clinician: That sounds really tough. So, you've been together a while, and then you broke up. What were some of the things that you liked about being together?

Client: I felt like I was seen. I was with a really popular guy, and when I was with him, I felt like I was more than just a small person in the crowd.

Clinician: And then when you broke up, how did that leave you feeling?

Client: Sad. Lonely. Like I was erased. I keep checking his social media, just to see if he remembers me at all.

Clinician: So, being with him made you feel important, and now you feel alone and unimportant.

Client: I think so. I also feel like I might have been settling for him. Like I was chasing popularity.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: It's really hard for me to know if I was settling or not. I just know I feel lonely now.

Clinician: So, you've been feeling lonely for a while, and then you got together with him, and it kind of solved that problem for a while, but now it's back again?

Client: I guess so. I'm just not sure if he'll want to try again.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I think he's moving on. I keep seeing him with other girls.

Clinician: Okay, so that's a big change from when you were together.

Client: Yes. And it makes me feel worse. Like maybe I wasn't important to him at all.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: Like maybe I'm nothing now.

Clinician: That's really sad to hear you say something like that.

Client: I just feel like I'm going to be alone forever.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I'm so scared that I'll never find someone who sees me.

Clinician: That's really sad to hear that you feel so alone and that you feel like you're going to be alone forever.

Client: I just don't know how to go about finding someone who cares. I'm not that pretty or interesting.

Clinician: Yeah. So you feel like you're not pretty or interesting enough.

Client: That's right. And like everyone else will want him instead of me.

Clinician: So you feel like you're not worthy of love and attention.

Client: Yes. I feel like I'm going to be alone forever.

Clinician: So you feel like you're going to be alone forever?

Client: I feel like I'm never going to be important to anyone.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I'm not really sure how to get over that. I'm not sure what to do.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So you're feeling pretty down, like this is something that's really getting to you. You feel like you're going to be alone forever. You feel like you're never going to be important to anyone.

Client: I just feel so sad. I miss the feeling of being part of something.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I feel like I'm just standing on the outside looking in now.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I'm not sure if I can go back to how it was before.

Clinician: Yeah. Yeah. So you've been active, you've been in groups for a number of years.

Client: I think I started when I was 15. It was a lot easier when I was younger.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: It's not as easy now.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I think it's harder to meet people when you're older.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I don't have as much time as I used to.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I have to find someone who's busy too. It's just really hard.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. Yeah, it is. And I can tell that you're really wanting to find someone. You're not just looking for, you know, you know, social activities or something. You're looking for a relationship.

Client: I really am. I don't have as much time as I used to, but I feel like I need to find someone.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So that's a pretty strong drive for you right now.

Client: Yes. I think so. I really want to find someone who wants to be with me.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. And you've noticed that you're not so successful at finding someone who wants to be with you?

Client: I feel like it's getting harder to find someone who wants to be with me. I think it's hard for me to know if it's because I'm not interesting or because I'm just not meeting the right people.

Clinician: So you feel like you've been going out for a while and it's just not something that's really happening for you.

Client: It's just not happening. I don't know what to do. I'm trying to think of other ways to meet people.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. And you've noticed that things have changed a little bit in terms of how you look and how you dress, and you've been thinking about that more.

Client: Yes. I've been trying to think of other ways to meet people, so I've been thinking about myself. I'm trying to see if there's anything I can change.

Clinician: So you're feeling a little bit more motivated to-to do some things around, uh, looking after yourself a little bit more.

Client: Yes. I've been thinking about what I can change.

Clinician: Okay. What else has changed in your life that you might be able to tell me a little bit about?

Client: Well, my ex-boyfriend has been moving on. I keep seeing him with other girls.

Clinician: Hmm.

Client: I think he's trying to forget me.

Clinician: Hmm.

Client: I think he's moving on with his life. I feel like I'm not important to him anymore.

Clinician: Hmm. So, you-you feel like you're not important to him anymore?

Client: Yes. I think so. I'm not sure if he'll want to talk to me again.

Clinician: Okay. So, you feel like you're not important to him anymore, and-and you're not sure if he'll want to talk to you again?

Client: I'm not sure. I keep sending him messages, but he hasn't responded yet.

Clinician: Okay. So, you've-you've been trying to stay in touch, and you've sent him messages, but he hasn't responded.

Client: He hasn't responded. I don't know if he's just busy or if he's just not going to talk to me again.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're not sure if he's just busy or if he's not going to talk to you again?

Client: That's right. I feel like he's moved on. I don't know if he'll want to try again.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So, it sounds like you're feeling a little bit down about that, that you're worried about him, and you're not sure if he's going to be interested in trying to get back together.

Client: Yes. I think so. I just feel like I'm alone now.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. And you feel like you need some kind of plan or something to do.

Client: Yes. I feel like I need to have a plan for how to get him back. I'm not sure what to do.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So, you've thought about, you know, what you could do, and you haven't come up with a plan.

Client: I've been trying to think of ways to get him back, but I'm not sure what to do.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So, you're feeling kind of anxious about that.

Client: Yes. I feel like I need to act fast. I feel like other girls are going to get in the way.

Clinician: So, you're feeling like time is of the essence?

Client: Yes. I feel like I have to do something soon.

Clinician: Okay. And you mentioned other girls?

Client: Yes. I think they're going to get in the way.

Clinician: Okay. So, it sounds like you have a goal of finding a girlfriend by the end of your sophomore year.

Client: I think so. I really want to find someone before it's too late.

Clinician: Okay. So, what steps can you take now to help you move towards that goal?

Client: I think I can try to talk to my ex again. Maybe he'll listen. Maybe he'll want to try again.

Clinician: Okay. So, you have a relationship with him and you were together for a while.

Client: That's right. I think that's the best place to start.

Clinician: So, you have a sense of what you wanna do.

Client: Yes. I think so. I feel like it's time to act.

Clinician: So, you feel like it's time to act and you have some ideas about how to go about doing that.

Client: I think so. I feel like it's time to do something.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I'm just not sure what to do yet. I'm trying to think of other ways to meet people.

Clinician: Okay. So, you have an interest in meeting other people and you're willing to pursue that interest.

Client: Yes. I'm willing to try other things.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I think I need to try something different. I'm just not sure what to do yet.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I'm trying to think of other ways to meet people.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I'm not sure what to do yet. I'm trying to think of other ways to meet people.

Clinician: Okay. So you've got an idea that you need to-to try something different, but you're not quite sure what it is yet.

Client: Yes. I'm trying to think of other ways to meet people. I'm just not sure what to do yet.

Clinician: Okay. So on the one hand, you've got this idea that you need to try something different.

Client: Yes. I'm trying to think of other ways to meet people.

Clinician: On the other hand, you're not quite sure how to go about doing that.

Client: I'm not sure yet. I'm trying to think of other ways to meet people.

Clinician: So you're kind of at a bit of a crossroads at the moment. You've noticed that the relationship is not quite where you want it to be. You've got some ideas about what you want to do about it, but you're not quite sure how to act on those ideas.

Client: Yes. I think so. I'm trying to think of other ways to meet people.

Clinician: So you've got a number of different things going on at the moment. What are you gonna do next?

Client: I'm going to try to talk to my ex again. Maybe he'll want to try again.

Clinician: That's something you've not done before. What do you think would happen if you tried talking to him again?

Client: I think he might want to try again. I'm not sure what he'll say.

Clinician: Okay. So it's a bit of a gamble in a way.

Client: Yes. I feel like it's worth the risk. I'm trying to think of other ways to meet people.

Clinician: What do you think would be good ways to meet other people?

Client: I think school would be a good place to start. I'm not sure what else to do.

Clinician: What about joining a club?

Client: That might be a good idea. I'm trying to think of clubs that might be good for me.

Clinician: Okay. Well, you know, there are lots of clubs at school, and they can be a great way to meet people.

Client: I'm going to try that. I'm trying to think of other ways to meet people.

Clinician: Well, there are also some social groups that meet after school.

Client: That might be a good idea. I'm trying to think of other ways to meet people.

Clinician: Okay. Well, I hope you find some good activities to get involved in.

Client: Thank you. I appreciate your help.

Clinician: You're welcome.

Client: I feel a little better now. I'm going to try to join a club.

Clinician: Great. I'm looking forward to hearing about your new friends.

Client: Thank you. I hope you have a good day.

Clinician: You, too.

Client: Bye.

Clinician: Bye.

Client: Thanks. Bye.

Clinician: Okay.

