Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I feel pretty okay today. Still a bit off from last week, but I've had moments of being really productive. I'm still feeling really overwhelmed, but I think that's just part of this process.

Clinician: That's good to hear that you're still feeling productive at times. I'm curious, what are some of the things that are helping you stay on track?

Client: Just trying to get into a routine-writing for a set amount of time each day, even if it's not as much as I'd like. I've also been trying to get more sleep, which has helped me wake up more refreshed.

Clinician: Those are great steps that you've taken. I appreciate you making these changes even though they're not perfect. Let me ask you this, what are you hoping to achieve with writing?

Client: I want to be able to finish this paper and feel like I've done a good job, even if it's not as polished as I want it to be.

Clinician: I'm curious, what do you think would make this paper feel more like your own?

Client: Maybe if it was more about what I wanted to say, rather than what I think I'm supposed to say.

Clinician: So, writing for you is about expressing your own thoughts and ideas rather than trying to fit into a mold of what you think you're supposed to say?

Client: Yes, exactly. I think I need to take some pressure off myself to do it "right" and just write what I know and what I feel like I have to say.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So, if you were going to write your paper with that goal in mind, what might that look like?

Client: Maybe just writing what I know and what I feel like I have to say, without worrying too much about grammar or structure at this point.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So, you're not trying to write something perfect or polished right now, just something that's true to what you know and what you feel.

Client: Exactly. I feel like I get too caught up in trying to say it perfectly that I forget what I actually want to say.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So, if you had to write a first draft, how confident would you be that it would meet your goal of being true to what you know and what you feel?

Client: Maybe 60%. I think I need to let myself get to that point without being too hard on myself.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're feeling pretty good about your writing, and you're just a little bit concerned about it not being perfect.

Client: Yeah, that's right. It's hard for me to accept that imperfection is okay, but I think I need to.

Clinician: So, what might be the downside of not writing?

Client: I think the downside would be that I would feel like I failed myself, like I didn't do what I was capable of doing.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I think the biggest thing I need to do is feel like I'm good enough to do it, even if it's not perfect.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I think that's the hardest part of this process-being okay with not being perfect.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I feel like I've always been so driven to succeed that I feel like I have to do it all by myself.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I guess I need to start accepting help.

Clinician: Okay. So, you've got this vision of how you want your life to be. You've got this vision of how you want to be a dad. You've got this vision of how you want to be a husband, and now you're beginning to think about what you want your life to be like as a person.

Client: Yeah. I guess I need to think about what kind of person I want to be, so that I can be that person.

Clinician: Okay. So, I'm hearing you say that you don't want to be a loser.

Client: Yeah. I think I'm just worried that if I accept help, I'm going to be seen as a loser.

Clinician: Okay. So, you don't wanna be a loser, but you're not sure whether or not asking for help will make you a loser?

Client: Yeah. I think I just need to think about it more. I need to feel more confident that it won't be seen as me giving up.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're feeling a little bit hesitant about asking for help.

Client: Yeah, I think I'm feeling that way. I guess I need to ask myself what I'm afraid of.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I think I'm afraid of letting people down, of being seen as a failure.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: But I think I need to be okay with that possibility, because it's possible that it's going to happen.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I guess I need to think about it more and see how I feel about it.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I think I need to accept that it might happen and that it's not the end of the world.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're just kind of putting it on the shelf for now, but it's something that you're aware of?

Client: Yeah, exactly. I think I just need to think about it more and see how I feel.

Clinician: Okay, so how else do you think you can cope with the stress in your life?

Client: I think I'm doing okay on the exercise front-trying to get outside more. I'm still having trouble with eating well, though.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're kind of getting outside more, but you're still struggling with what you're eating?

Client: Yeah. I feel like that's something I need to do more.

Clinician: Okay. So, if you wanted to work on that, how do you think you could go about doing that?

Client: Maybe by planning out my meals more. I think I just need to have a plan.

Clinician: Okay. So, if you had a plan, what would that plan look like?

Client: Maybe just cooking something each night. I think that's what I need to do.

Clinician: Okay. So, cooking something each night is a goal you've identified as something you need to do. What do you think would make that goal easier to reach?

Client: Maybe just having a list of meals I can make, so that I'm not standing in the kitchen, trying to decide what to make.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So, having a meal plan would help you feel less anxious about your eating.

Client: Yeah. I think that's exactly right. I feel like I'm overwhelmed by having no plan, and having a plan would help me feel more in control.

Clinician: Okay. I appreciate that. Well, one thing you could do is write down a list of meals you like to eat. Then, you can take that list and write down a few ideas about how you can prepare those meals. What do you think?

Client: That sounds like a great plan. I think I can do that.

Clinician: Great. I look forward to hearing about what you come up with.

Client: Thank you so much. Have a good day. Bye.

Clinician: You too. Have a great day.

Client: Thank you. Bye.

Clinician: Bye.

Client: I feel like it's been a really good week, even though it's been hard. I feel like I've had some small victories.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

