Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I'm feeling pretty low today. I'm still having trouble getting out of bed in the morning.

Clinician: Can you tell me more about that?

Client: Like, I feel like no matter how hard I work at school, I'm never going to get anywhere. I see all these other people living these great lives, while I'm struggling to get by.

Clinician: So you feel like you're not happy with your life and you feel like you're not moving forward?

Client: Yeah. And it makes me feel jealous of other people who have what I want.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. And you feel like you're not even getting a chance to have that life?

Client: I feel like I have no control over it.

Clinician: So you feel like you have no control over your life?

Client: Yeah. Like no matter how hard I work at it, I'm never going to get what I want.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So you feel like you're just stuck in this cycle of-

Client: Yeah. I don't know how to break out of it.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: Yeah. It's really hard.

Clinician: Yeah. So you've been thinking about this for a while, you've noticed some patterns over the last couple of years?

Client: Yeah. I just keep repeating the same things over and over again, but nothing ever changes.

Clinician: Mm.

Client: So I feel like I'm not making any progress.

Clinician: Mm. It sounds like you're pretty frustrated with yourself right now.

Client: Yeah. I don't know how to stop being like this. I feel like it's going to continue happening.

Clinician: Mm. So you're feeling like you're just going through the motions right now, and it feels like nothing is going to change.

Client: Yeah. And it makes me feel really sad.

Clinician: Mm. Okay. Well, it sounds like we have a lot of work to do together, and I'm really interested in getting to know you a little bit more to see what else we can talk about.

Client: Yeah. Okay. I'm ready.

Clinician: Great.

Client: Okay. I'm here. Okay.

Clinician: All right.

Client: Yeah. Thank you.

Clinician: All right. I appreciate you coming in today.

Client: Thank you. Bye. Bye.

Clinician: All right. Good to see you.

Client: Thank you. Bye. Okay. Bye.

Clinician: All right.

