Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I am feeling pretty down, today. It is hard to even think about the fact that I am going to be graduating soon and will have to go back home.

Clinician: What is it like going back home for you?

Client: It makes me feel trapped. I don't feel like I can be myself when I am there, so I feel like I have to hide everything.

Clinician: How do you feel when you're not able to be yourself?

Client: I feel like I am suffocating. I feel like I am going to be crushed under the weight of all the things I am hiding.

Clinician: What is it like for you to be away from home at school?

Client: I feel like I am finally able to breathe. I am able to be myself and not hide who I am.

Clinician: How are you coping with the stress of the move?

Client: It is hard. I try to tell myself that I will be okay, but I feel like I am lying to myself.

Clinician: What do you think you need to do in order to feel more confident about your move?

Client: I need to have someone to lean on, or someone to talk to about how I am feeling.

Clinician: What kind of activities do you enjoy doing?

Client: I enjoy hanging out with my friends, watching movies and TV shows, and reading books.

Clinician: Have you ever thought about what you do for fun and what you need to do to make sure you are safe while you're doing those activities?

Client: I think that I would be safe as long as I was with people I trusted.

Clinician: Do you think you could come back and talk to me about this in a few weeks?

Client: I would be willing to come back and talk with you again. I think that would help me feel more comfortable.

Clinician: Thank you for talking with me today, Billy.

Client: Thank you. Have a nice day.

Clinician: You too.

Client: I am having a hard time thinking about the fact that I am going to have to move back home.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

