Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: Hi. I'm having a rough day, but I think I need help coping with a lot of stress and anxiety. I've been in a long-term relationship with someone who is currently incarcerated.

Clinician: Oh, I'm sorry about that. That must be really hard to deal with. What is it about your relationship that made you want to talk to me today?

Client: I'm scared I'll never be with someone else, and I feel guilty for feeling that way. I know he's made mistakes, but he's trying to better himself.

Clinician: It sounds like you have a lot of feelings going on right now.

Client: Yeah, but it's not always easy to express them. Sometimes it feels like I'm being selfish if I show any sadness.

Clinician: I can understand that. I can imagine that in your culture, it's not common to express sadness, and it's not common to talk about emotions like sadness.

Client: Yeah, I've always tried to toughen up. I think I feel more comfortable when I'm being strong.

Clinician: So, you've always tried to be strong, and it's only recently that you've begun to open up and talk about your emotions?

Client: I guess I have. But I don't know if it's helping. I feel like I'm still trying to prove myself.

Clinician: I can see that you're still working on your confidence. I can see that you're still working on your self-worth.

Client: Yeah, I feel like I keep falling apart. I'm afraid I'll never get to the point where I can just relax and be okay.

Clinician: It sounds like you're still feeling that way.

Client: Yeah. I just wish I knew what to do to make myself feel better. I don't know how to stop feeling so guilty or so anxious.

Clinician: So it sounds like you're feeling pretty stuck in a lot of ways.

Client: Yeah. I just feel like there's a lot to do, and I'm not sure where to start.

Clinician: So you feel like you need to do a lot of things, but you're not sure where to begin.

Client: Yeah. I'm not sure if it's okay to feel like I'm not good enough. I feel like I should be more patient, but I don't know if I'm doing enough.

Clinician: So you're feeling a little bit discouraged that you don't feel like you're doing enough to help your daughter.

Client: Yeah. I know it's not easy to help me. I feel like there's so much I have to get through.

Clinician: So you feel like you're going through a lot of changes, and you feel like you need to do a lot of things to help your daughter.

Client: Yeah. I know I'm trying, but I feel like I'm not getting anywhere.

Clinician: So you're trying your best, but you feel like you're not making any progress.

Client: Yeah, I just feel like I'm trying to do so much at once. I don't know if it's the right approach.

Clinician: Okay. Well, I'm glad that you're here and that you're talking about this with me today, and I-I really do have a lot of respect for what you've done in the past and what you're doing right now. I mean, it's just a lot of work. I know that you're feeling a little bit overwhelmed, but you're also clearly doing a lot of work to try and help your daughter. And I'm also hearing you say that there are some concerns about her, that she's still smoking, and that there are some symptoms that you're worried about.

Client: Yeah, I know she needs help. I just feel like I don't have the time or resources to devote to her right now.

Clinician: Sure. You're doing a lot of work for her. You're doing a lot of work for yourself, and it's clear that you're also really concerned about her, and that you have some concerns about her health as well. So what are some of the things that you think would help you get to the point where you're feeling more confident that you can support her in quitting smoking?

Client: I guess I feel like if I had more resources, if I had more time, I'd be able to help her. I don't know if that's the right approach, though.

Clinician: Sure. You're clearly trying your best, and you're clearly working hard. It sounds like you're just feeling a little bit short on time and resources.

Client: Yeah. I just feel like I have to do so much, and it feels like it's never enough.

Clinician: Okay. Well, I do want to acknowledge that that's a really big deal. That is a really big deal, and it sounds like you're really struggling.

Client: Yeah, I guess it's hard to explain. I just feel like if I'm trying my best, I should be good enough.

Clinician: Okay. Well, I do want to give you some feedback on your statement here that you shared. You're clearly doing your best, and you're working really hard. And, um, I think it's really important to know that it's not about being perfect or doing it all perfectly. It's really about trying your best, and that is really what you're doing.

Client: Yeah, I guess I'm just worried that I'm not doing enough. I feel like I'm trying to do too much.

Clinician: Okay. I do want to ask you something. What are some of the things that you're doing that you feel are most important?

Client: I guess I feel like if I can take care of myself, I'll be able to take care of my daughter. I'm trying to stay in contact with her, even though I know she's upset with me right now.

Clinician: Okay. What are some specific things that you're doing to stay in contact with her?

Client: I guess I'm trying to call her a lot, send her texts, just to let her know I'm thinking about her.

Clinician: And how do you feel about those things?

Client: I guess it makes me feel a little better, knowing I'm trying. But I still feel like I'm not getting anywhere.

Clinician: What do you think she'd like you to do, in terms of dealing with your substance use?

Client: I guess she'd like me to stop using, but I'm in college and it's hard to do that when I'm under a lot of stress.

Clinician: So you feel like stopping using isn't something you can do right now?

Client: Yeah, I feel like it's not something I can do, especially when I'm not feeling good.

Clinician: So you feel like you need to have your best in order to keep your job, and you feel like you're not able to do that right now, because you're struggling with stress and anxiety?

Client: Yeah, I guess so. I feel like I need to do more, but I'm not sure how.

Clinician: So you're feeling like you have a lot on your plate right now, and you feel like you're not able to take care of yourself the way you'd like to?

Client: Yeah, I guess I feel like if I can take care of myself, I'll be able to take care of my daughter.

Clinician: So you feel like you can't take care of your daughter if you're not feeling good about yourself?

Client: Yeah, I feel like I need to take care of myself before I can try to take care of her.

Clinician: Okay, so what would help you get to that point where you feel like you're able to take care of yourself?

Client: I guess I need to figure out some ways to manage my stress and anxiety.

Clinician: Okay, and what would help you manage your stress and anxiety?

Client: I guess if I had more time, more resources, I'd be able to do that.

Clinician: Okay, so you mentioned you feel like you don't have enough time and not enough resources.

Client: Yeah, I feel like if I had those things, I'd be able to do more to help myself.

Clinician: Okay, and what kinds of resources do you think you'd need?

Client: I guess I'd need a way to make more money, so I'd have time to relax.

Clinician: Okay, so you feel like you need a way to make more money to be able to relax more?

Client: Yeah, I guess so. I feel like I'm always on the go.

Clinician: Okay. And you also mentioned that you'd feel more confident if you had a plan for getting home safely.

Client: Yeah, I guess that would make me feel a little better.

Clinician: So you feel like you need to have a plan for getting home safely to feel more confident?

Client: Yeah, I guess so. It feels like there's always something else I need to do.

Clinician: Okay. Well, one of the things that we know is that the more you can plan ahead and have a plan for getting home safely, the less likely you are to drink too much alcohol.

Client: Yeah, that makes sense. I guess it's hard to put myself first.

Clinician: So you feel like you need to look after yourself and not jeopardize things?

Client: Yeah, I guess I need to take care of myself so I can take care of my daughter.

Clinician: Okay. That makes a lot of sense.

Client: Yeah, it does. Thanks for listening.

Clinician: Okay. It was nice to meet you.

Client: Nice meeting you too.

Clinician: All right. Bye.

Client: Bye.

Clinician: Thanks, and take care.

