Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I'm feeling a little bit down. I've been having trouble with a breakup, and I've been trying to get him back but it's not working.

Clinician: I'm sorry to hear that you've been going through something like that. Can you tell me more about what's been going on?

Client: Well, we had been dating for a long time but we started to fight a lot. I broke up with him, but then I started to miss him. I thought it would be a good idea to talk to him again and see if we could be friends.

Clinician: So you broke up with him, but then you missed him and thought it would be good to talk to him again?

Client: Yeah, I thought maybe it would be a good idea to just get things out in the open, to talk about what was bothering us and maybe fix some of the problems.

Clinician: Okay. So you're hoping that by talking to him again, that you can resolve some of the problems that you were having.

Client: I'm hoping that he'll be willing to give me a second chance.

Clinician: Oh, so you're hoping that he'll give you a second chance to be in a relationship.

Client: Yeah. I think that we could be happy together if we could just work out our issues.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So you're really hoping that you can work out your issues together, and-and that he can stay with you and that things can go back to the way they were before you broke up.

Client: I hope so, yeah. I don't know what else to do. I miss him so much.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So, uh, I guess what I'm hearing is that you're-you're missing him. You're missing that relationship. You're missing that security. You're missing that love.

Client: Yeah, I'm missing him so much. I don't know what else to do.

Clinician: And-and that's a really difficult thing to think about.

Client: It is, yeah. I just feel like maybe it was too soon to let him go.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: And I feel like other people are moving on with their lives and I feel left behind.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I don't know, maybe I'm not overreacting. Maybe I just need to give it time.

Clinician: Yeah, I think that's a lot of thinking that you've done. I think that you've been very careful to not make any hasty decisions. And you've been very thoughtful about what you've said to him, and it sounds like you're also giving yourself some credit for not jumping to conclusions.

Client: I think that I have been. I've just been feeling really bad and sad and lonely.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I think that I'm going to keep trying to talk to him and hope that he'll come around.

Clinician: Okay, so it sounds like you're willing to give him another chance.

Client: Yeah, I think that's what I'm going to have to do. I feel like there's no other choice.

Clinician: Okay, well that's your decision. I'll respect that. Um, and if you need to come back and talk about this again and you want to talk to me about it, I'll be here for you.

Client: Thanks, I appreciate it. Have a good day.

Clinician: You too. Have a great day.

Client: Thank you so much. I hope you have a good day too.

Clinician: All right.

