Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: Hey, thanks for asking. I've been better-really struggling with the stress of school right now. I keep feeling like I'm drowning.

Clinician: So you're feeling overwhelmed and overwhelmed with school work.

Client: Yeah. But I don't think it's just that. I've been going through a lot lately. My dad died in July, and my mom moved to be with family about 6 months ago. My boyfriend is in jail and I feel like I'm losing myself trying to keep him going

Clinician: So a lot of things have changed in your life and it's really overwhelming for you.

Client: Yeah. I've been really struggling with that. I try to stay busy, but when I sit down at night, it's hard not to think about everything I've lost

Clinician: So, you're feeling overwhelmed and stressed out and you feel like you don't know who you are.

Client: Yeah. I keep trying to convince myself that if I just keep going, it'll all make sense. But I'm scared it won't.

Clinician: So you're feeling like you don't have a lot of control.

Client: Yeah. I feel like I have no control over anything that's happening around me. And I'm not sure what to do

Clinician: So you've been thinking about this for a while now.

Client: Yeah. I'm just not sure how to deal with everything. It's so much to carry. I feel like I'm just barely holding on

Clinician: So you've been thinking about this for a while now and you've been doing your best to do your homework.

Client: Yeah. It's just really hard. I'm not sure how to ask for help because I feel like I'm failing if I show weakness

Clinician: So you've been doing your homework and you've been trying to figure out how to do this.

Client: Yeah. It's really hard to open up about it. When I try, it feels like I'm being judged.

Clinician: Yeah. So what I hear you saying is that it's really hard for you to open up about this because you feel like you're being judged.

Client: Yeah. And I don't know how to open up without feeling that way.

Clinician: Okay. So you feel like if you open up, it's going to be a bad thing?

Client: Yeah. That's what I keep thinking. Like, if I show weakness, I'm not strong enough.

Clinician: Okay. So you feel like, um, if you open up about this, that you're not strong enough.

Client: Yeah. I guess. It's hard to explain. But yeah. I feel like if I just keep pushing through, then I'm doing the right thing.

Clinician: Okay. So you feel like if you open up, then you're not strong enough.

Client: Yeah. I think that's right. And I'm scared that if I'm not strong enough, then I'm not good enough

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I guess. I feel like I'm just not good enough.

Clinician: Okay. So what would be a good way to start to build up some of those skills?

Client: Hmm. I'm not sure. I've been so used to carrying everyone else's burdens that I'm not sure how to carry myself

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: Maybe I need to figure out how to be okay with not doing everything?

Clinician: Okay. So you've been doing everything and you feel like you need to do everything, and that you're not doing enough?

Client: Yeah. I guess that's right. And I don't know how to not do everything.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I'm scared that if I stop, everything will fall apart.

Clinician: Okay. So you're afraid that if you don't do everything, you're not going to be able to do what you need to do?

Client: Yeah. I think that's right. But it's so hard to keep going when I'm drowning.

Clinician: So it's hard to keep going, and it's hard to stop?

Client: Yeah. I'm not sure what to do. I feel like I'm trapped between a rock and a hard place

Clinician: Okay. So you feel like you're trapped between the rock and the hard place?

Client: Yeah. I'm not sure what to do. I feel like I'm stuck.

Clinician: So you feel like you're stuck.

Client: Yeah. I'm not sure what to do. I feel like I'm just trying to find a way to breathe.

Clinician: Okay. So you're trying to find a way to breathe?

Client: Yeah. That's how I feel. Like I'm suffocating under everything I'm carrying.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: It's really hard. I feel like I'm trying to stay above the water, but I'm sinking.

Clinician: Mm. So it sounds like you have a lot on your plate, and it feels like you're trying to manage it all?

Client: Yeah. I guess. I feel like if I just keep going, I'll be able to figure things out.

Clinician: So if you keep going, you'll figure things out?

Client: Yeah. I hope so. I'm not sure. I guess I'm just trying to keep pushing forward.

Clinician: Mm. So you're hoping that if you keep going, you'll figure things out?

Client: Yeah. I hope so. It's just so hard. I feel like everything is falling apart around me.

Clinician: Mm. So everything is falling apart around you?

Client: Yeah. I'm not sure how to stop it.

Clinician: Mm. What's the last thing that happened that made you feel that way?

Client: I don't know. It feels like everything has been falling apart for so long. I'm just trying to keep my head above the water.

Clinician: Okay. So it sounds like you've been feeling overwhelmed and stressed for a long time.

Client: Yeah. I'm not sure how to deal with it. I feel like I'm just trying to find a way to breathe.

Clinician: Yeah. What have you done to cope with this stress?

Client: I've been trying to keep myself busy-stay occupied so I don't think about everything I'm going through.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I've been trying to keep my mind occupied. But when I lay down at night, I just feel lost.

Clinician: So, what would help you feel less lost at night?

Client: I'm not sure. I guess I feel like if I could figure out how to ask for help without feeling like I'm failing, that would help.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: Or maybe if I could find a way to not carry so much on my own, that would help.

Clinician: So, if you were to pick one thing to work on, what would that be?

Client: I guess figuring out how to ask for help would be the thing. I'm not sure how to do that, though.

Clinician: So, that would be your goal?

Client: Yeah. That would be a start. I'm not sure how to do that, though.

Clinician: So, what would be the first thing that you would do to start that process?

Client: I'm not sure. I feel like I need to figure out who to ask, and how to ask.

Clinician: So, you would have to figure out who to ask.

Client: Yeah. That's right. Maybe if I can figure that out, it'll help.

Clinician: Okay. So, who do you think might be a good person to talk to?

Client: Hmm. I'm not sure. I guess maybe a friend or my therapist would be a good place to start.

Clinician: Okay. And what would be some of the reasons that you think that they would be good people to talk to?

Client: I'm not sure. Maybe they could help me figure out how to ask for help in a way that feels like I'm not failing.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're concerned that you might feel like you're not doing well in your job, and that that would make you feel like you're failing. So, you're wondering if it might be helpful to ask someone to help you with that.

Client: Yeah. I guess that's right. I'm not sure how to explain it without feeling like I'm failing.

Clinician: Okay. So, what would be a really good thing to say to your therapist or your friend that would help you get them to help you?

Client: Hmm. I'm not sure. Maybe if I can explain that I'm feeling lost and need help figuring things out, that might help.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're wondering what it would look like if you told your therapist or your friend that you're feeling lost and you need help figuring things out.

Client: Yeah. I'm not sure. But maybe if I could do that, it would be a start.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're not sure how to say it, but you think that if you did say it, it might be a start.

Client: Yeah. I think that's right. And I guess that's a start.

Clinician: Okay. So, what would it look like if you were to say that?

Client: I'm not sure. But maybe it would be as simple as saying that I'm feeling lost and need help figuring things out.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're feeling lost.

Client: Yeah. And I'm not sure how to find my way.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I feel like if I can find my way, that would help.

Clinician: So, you're not sure how to get to the end of this, but you're not sure how to get started.

Client: Yeah. I guess that's right. But maybe if I can figure out how to start, that'll be a start.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I'm just trying to find a way to start.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I'm just trying to breathe.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I'm just trying to figure things out.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: It's just hard. I'm not sure what to do.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I'm trying to stay afloat.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I'm just trying to keep going.

Clinician: Yeah. And what do you feel you need to do to get to a place where you can feel safe?

Client: I'm not sure. But maybe if I can find a way to ask for help, that'll be a start.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I feel like if I can ask for help without feeling like I'm failing, that'll be a start.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: And maybe I'll be able to find my way.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: Maybe I'll be able to find my way again.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: Maybe I'll be able to figure things out.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: Maybe I'll be able to find my way again.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: Thanks for helping me figure some things out. I feel like I have a better idea of where to start.

Clinician: Yeah. I'm glad you're getting some things figured out. I'm glad you're willing to try and get some help to figure some things out.

Client: Yeah. Thanks for your help. I appreciate it.

Clinician: Yeah. I'm glad you're willing to do it.

Client: Thanks. Have a good day. Bye.

Clinician: Bye.

