Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: Hi. I've been trying to put my thoughts into words. I don't know how to feel like I'm enough

Clinician: Okay. So, how long have you been feeling that way?

Client: For a while now. I feel like I'm stuck and that I can't do anything to change it.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. Um, what do you think is making you feel like that?

Client: I'm not sure. I feel like I'm always jealous of others. They get to do things and have opportunities that I can't.

Clinician: Okay. So, you feel like you're not getting the opportunities that other people are getting?

Client: I think it's more than that. I feel like I'm just surviving instead of living.

Clinician: Okay. Um, I hear you. I'm wondering if we could look a little bit at what you've been doing lately.

Client: I guess so. I feel like I'm doing everything I can.

Clinician: Okay. So, what have you been doing?

Client: I work a job and I'm in training at a vocational college. I'm trying to save money for a degree but I feel like I'm stuck in a rut

Clinician: Okay. So, you're working and you're also going to school and you're trying to save some money.

Client: Yes, and I try to help my mother out when I can. She's going through cancer treatment and I feel guilty when I don't have the money to do something for her

Clinician: Okay. So, you feel guilty when you don't have money to help your mom.

Client: Yes. She's so strong and I feel like I should be able to do more for her.

Clinician: Okay. So, you feel like you're not able to do as much as you want to.

Client: I feel like I'm not good enough. I don't know if I can do anything to change that

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I feel like there's something inside me that's broken and I can't fix it.

Clinician: Okay. So, you feel like there's something inside of you that's not working right.

Client: I do. I'm just not sure what it is or how to fix it.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I guess I can try to do some research. I could look for things that might help me figure out what's going on.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're willing to do some research to find out what might be going on.

Client: I'll try. I'll do my best. Thank you.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I hope I can get the help I need. Thank you.

Clinician: I'm glad to hear that you're willing to look into this.

Client: I am. Thank you. Bye.

Clinician: Bye.

Client: I'll try to be better. I just have to try.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: Thank you for your help. I hope you have a great day.

Clinician: Thank you.

Client: Goodbye. Bye.

Clinician: Goodbye.

Client: Thank you. Bye.

Clinician: Okay.

