Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I'm doing okay. Just getting over a cold. And I guess I'm still trying to figure out what I want to do with my relationship.

Clinician: I can see that you're really trying to work through some really big issues right now. It sounds like your relationship is really important to you. What are some of the things you like about your relationship with your partner?

Client: I love the fact that we're best friends. We've shared so many experiences together, and he's always been there for me when I need someone to talk to.

Clinician: It sounds like you really value the friendship and the support you have with your partner. What are some of the things you don't like about your relationship?

Client: Well, the fact that he cheated on me. That's a big deal.

Clinician: So, what do you think about your partner's cheating?

Client: I don't know if I should continue the relationship, but I don't know what else to do either.

Clinician: So, you're feeling torn. What do you think would happen if you continued this relationship?

Client: I don't know if I'd ever be able to trust him again.

Clinician: So, if you were to stay in the relationship, you might have a lot of problems. What do you think might happen if you left this relationship?

Client: I think I might be alone for a long time. I don't know if I'd find someone who'd love me for who I am.

Clinician: So, you have a lot of things to think about. What are the most important things to you in life?

Client: I guess love and happiness. And stability, even though I know I can't control everything.

Clinician: So, if you were to leave this relationship, what things would be different for you?

Client: I think I'd have more time to focus on myself and my own happiness. But I'm not sure if I'd find someone who I truly love.

Clinician: So, what would it take to convince you to leave this relationship?

Client: I guess if he continues to make the same mistakes and I know that he's not willing to change, then I'd probably leave.

Clinician: And what would it take for you to stay in this relationship?

Client: I think if he were willing to change and grow and we were able to work through this together.

Clinician: So, what's it going to take for him to change and grow?

Client: I think he needs to be willing to go to therapy and be open to feedback from others.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're not willing to be in a relationship where you have to do a lot of the work.

Client: Exactly. I want us to be able to work together and to support each other.

Clinician: Okay. So, what do you think is the best way to go about this?

Client: I guess I could have a conversation with him about what we want and where we're headed.

Clinician: Okay. So, you think that if you talk to him, you could kind of get a sense of what he wants.

Client: Yeah, hopefully. And then we can decide together what's best for us.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: Thanks for your help. I feel a little better about things now.

Clinician: Okay. Thanks.

Client: I'll talk to you later.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: bye.

Clinician: Bye.

