Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I've been going through a lot of emotional turmoil recently, especially around my relationship with my boyfriend. We've been together for nearly six years, and we were planning to get engaged soon.

Clinician: That sounds like a really exciting time for you.

Client: It did, until I found out that my best friend had an affair with him a year ago. Now, I don't know if I can continue with the relationship.

Clinician: You're really hurt. You thought that you and your boyfriend had a good future together, but now, you have to face the fact that he was unfaithful.

Client: I'm trying to come to terms with it, but I don't know if I can. I feel like I have to make a decision, but I'm not sure what it should be.

Clinician: That sounds like a really difficult decision to make. You've been together for six years, and it sounds like you've built up a really strong relationship with him.

Client: We've been together a long time, but I don't know if I can ever trust him again. I'm starting to think that maybe I should move on, but I don't know if that's the right decision either.

Clinician: That sounds like a really hard decision to make. You've been together for six years, and it sounds like you've built up a really strong relationship with him.

Client: I don't know if it's possible to ever get past the betrayal.

Clinician: Yeah. It sounds like you've been through a lot, and you've been together for a long time. But I'm wondering if you've ever considered that it might be possible to work on that relationship.

Client: Maybe it is, but it feels like it's already too far gone. I don't know if I can fix it.

Clinician: So, it sounds like you're open to the idea of working on the relationship, but it doesn't feel like it's possible to fix it.

Client: That's right. I just don't know how to go about it.

Clinician: So, it sounds like you're willing to take some steps toward fixing the relationship, but you don't know where to start.

Client: Yes, I feel like I have to do something, but I don't know what that something is.

Clinician: Okay. So, what are some of the steps that you think you could take to begin to fix this relationship?

Client: I'm not sure. I feel like I need to have some kind of conversation with him, but I don't know what that should look like.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I guess I could try to open up to him about what I'm feeling, but I don't know if he'll be receptive to that.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I don't know what else to do.

Clinician: Okay. So you're wondering what you can do with your dad.

Client: No, my dad. I don't have any issues with him. It's actually my boyfriend I'm concerned about.

Clinician: Oh.

Client: But thank you for asking about my dad.

Clinician: Okay. So you're wondering what you can do with your boyfriend.

Client: Yes, to try to work through this relationship. I'm just not sure how to go about it.

Clinician: Okay. Well, what would you like to do?

Client: I think I would like to talk to him about what I'm feeling, but I don't know if he'll be receptive to that.

Clinician: Okay. What do you think he's feeling?

Client: I think he's probably feeling a lot of pressure from me, since I'm the one who's more upset about the whole situation.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: But I think he also has feelings of guilt, especially since his mistress is now my friend again.

Clinician: Hmm.

Client: I think he's probably feeling very anxious about our relationship and what's going to happen next.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: So, I think he probably wants to talk to me, but I'm not sure how open he'll be about what he's really feeling.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: That's what I'm afraid of.

Clinician: So, he may be open about what he wants to do, but you're not sure about how open he'll be about what he's feeling.

Client: Yes, that's right. I feel like I need him to be more open about what he's feeling so that I can work through this relationship.

Clinician: Okay. So, he's not really open about what he's feeling, and you feel like that you need him to be open about what he's feeling.

Client: Yes, in order to work through the relationship.

Clinician: Okay. So, how do you think that you could help him to be more open about what he's feeling?

Client: I'm not sure. I think maybe I could try to create a safe space for him to open up to me.

Clinician: Okay. So, you'd be willing to do that?

Client: I think I could try to do that. Yes.

Clinician: Okay. And what would be the next step for you?

Client: I guess I could try to talk to him about it and see if he feels comfortable opening up to me.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're thinking that you'll talk to him about your concerns and how you're feeling and what you want to do?

Client: Yes. I think I could try to have that conversation with him.

Clinician: Okay. Well, I know that you've been dealing with a lot of stress lately and I think you've been doing a really good job of managing that stress. And I think that's something you should be proud of.

Client: Thank you. That means a lot.

Clinician: Yeah. I mean, it sounds like you're doing really well for yourself and I'm really glad that we've had this opportunity to talk about the things that are bothering you.

Client: Thank you. I appreciate it.

Clinician: Okay. Well, I'm glad you're doing so well, and I'll see you next week.

Client: Thank you. Goodbye.

Clinician: Goodbye.

Client: Bye.

Clinician: Bye.

