Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: Hello. I am feeling a bit anxious, actually. I think the semester starting has brought back a lot of my old fears about not being able to handle schoolwork.

Clinician: So, you're feeling a bit overwhelmed, and it sounds like you're worried about how you'll do in the class.

Client: Yes. I think I might have taken on a bit too much this semester. I might try to drop one of the classes I'm in to make it more manageable.

Clinician: So, you're feeling a bit overwhelmed, and you're worried about how you'll do in the class. You've decided to drop one of the classes to make things more manageable.

Client: I think so, yeah. I'm trying to weigh my options, but I don't know what's the right thing to do.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're trying to make a decision, and you're trying to find the right thing to do.

Client: Yes. I don't want to put too much on myself, but I also don't want to fall behind.

Clinician: Okay. So, you want to do well in your classes.

Client: Yes, I do. I feel like I'm letting myself down otherwise.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're concerned about falling behind in your classes, and you want to do well.

Client: Yeah. I guess I just feel like I'm in a bit of limbo, because I'm not sure if I'm doing enough or if I'm trying too hard.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're feeling a bit of a bit of a limbo, and you're not quite sure what you should be doing.

Client: Yeah. I think I just need to focus on the classes I'm in and not worry too much about the others.

Clinician: Okay. So, you've decided to focus on the classes you're in.

Client: I think so, yeah. I'll try to get through the ones I'm in and not worry too much about the others.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're feeling like you've got a plan and you've got a goal and you're gonna try and stick to that.

Client: I hope so, yeah. I think I just need to calm down and focus on what I'm doing.

Clinician: Okay. Well, you've been talking to me about this for a while and I'm really glad that you're willing to share this with me. I've got a few things I'd like to share with you as well.

Client: I'd love to hear it. I think it's always helpful to get a different perspective on things.

Clinician: Okay. So, I'm gonna talk to you about how to help you stay off drugs.

Client: I'm not on drugs. I think I mentioned that in the survey I filled out before we started.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're not on drugs at the moment.

Client: No. I've never really been on drugs, I just don't see the point.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're not on drugs.

Client: No. I'm not. I think there might be some other things you could talk to me about.

Clinician: Yeah, maybe. I guess we could talk about a few other things.

Client: Yeah. I think it's really helpful to get other perspectives on things. Thank you for your help.

Clinician: Yeah. I'm glad that you're feeling more confident about it.

Client: Yeah. I think I'm going to try to stay focused on the classes I'm in and try to manage my stress better.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: Thank you. I really appreciate it.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: Have a good day.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: Bye.

Clinician: Bye.

