Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I am okay I think. I just feel like I'm at a standstill. I feel like I need to make a decision about whether or not to try ketamine.

Clinician: Yeah, that sounds really big of a decision. It's a really big decision to make. What makes you think you need to make that decision?

Client: I don't know. I just keep going back and forth in my head about it. I know I have to make a choice, but I'm not sure what to do.

Clinician: Okay. So what would happen if you decided to try ketamine?

Client: I'm not sure. It's so expensive. I'm worried about how I'd pay for it if I can't afford it.

Clinician: Okay. So you're worried about the money.

Client: Yes. I also don't know if it'll work. It seems promising, but it's still new.

Clinician: Okay. So it's something that you haven't used before.

Client: I have heard that it can be very effective, but I also don't want to be disappointed.

Clinician: Okay. So it sounds like you're kind of torn between wanting to try it and not wanting to try it.

Client: I don't want to feel like I'm just throwing money away if it doesn't work.

Clinician: Okay. So what would be really helpful is to know how much it costs to try it out and then we can look at it and see whether it's something that you think you can afford.

Client: I've been tracking the costs. I think it'll be around 10-15 treatments to see any real difference.

Clinician: Okay. So you're talking about 10 to 15 treatments. That's a lot.

Client: I know. I'm trying to make a budget for it, but I'm worried that if it doesn't work, I'll be behind on my bills.

Clinician: Okay. So you're worried that you're going to run out of money and be unable to pay your bills.

Client: Yes, exactly. I've been tracking my spending and it's hard to see how I could afford it.

Clinician: Okay. So it's not so much the cost of the treatments, it's more the cost of the treatments compared to other things that you're spending on.

Client: Yes. I know I have to spend money on something to feel better, but I feel like I'm choosing between medication and ketamine.

Clinician: Okay. So what are the other things that you're spending your money on?

Client: I spend a lot on groceries and toiletries, so that's a necessity. I also spend a lot on my car because I need that to get to work.

Clinician: Okay. So what are the other things that you're spending on that you might be able to cut back on?

Client: I don't know. I feel like I've already cut back on a lot of things. I've been canceling subscription services, cutting back on going out.

Clinician: Okay. So you've been cutting back on things, but you're not sure what else you could cut back on.

Client: Yes. I feel like I'm already sacrificing a lot.

Clinician: So, what would it be like to cut back even more?

Client: I think it would be hard. I feel like I've already given up so much. I feel like I'm going to have to cut back on something else if I choose to do ketamine.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I don't know what it would be like to cut back more. I just know it wouldn't be easy.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I'm not sure what else I can give up. I feel like I'm sacrificing already.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I feel like I've already made the sacrifices I can make. I don't know what else I can cut back on.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I'm already making big sacrifices. I'm not sure what else I can give up.

Clinician: Okay. So, what are some of the things that you think are-- that you've already given up?

Client: I don't know. I've already given up so much. I feel like I'm sacrificing already.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I don't know what else I can give up.

Clinician: Mm.

Client: I feel like I've already sacrificed too much. I don't know what else I can cut back on.

Clinician: Okay. So, you feel like you've already sacrificed a lot.

Client: Yes. I feel like I've given up a lot already.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I feel like I'm already sacrificing a lot. I don't know what else I can give up.

Clinician: Okay. So, what do you feel like you need to give up?

Client: I don't know. I'm not sure what else I can cut back on. I feel like I'm already sacrificing already.

Clinician: Okay. So, you feel like you've already done a lot of things to cut back and you feel like you're doing the best you can.

Client: Yes. I feel like I'm doing the best I can. I don't know what else I can give up.

Clinician: So, what are some of the things that you're doing right now that are helping you?

Client: I'm going to therapy, and I'm taking care of myself, trying to exercise and eat healthy.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're doing a lot of things that are going to help you.

Client: I'm trying. I know I'm doing the best I can. I don't know what else I can give up.

Clinician: Okay. So, what do you think you can do differently?

Client: I don't know. I'm already doing the best I can. I don't know what else I can cut back on.

Clinician: Okay. So, what do you think the best thing that you can do?

Client: I don't know. I'm not sure. I feel like I'm already doing the best I can.

Clinician: Okay. Well, I'm glad you're doing the best you can.

Client: Thank you. I feel like I'm doing the best I can.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I don't know what else I can do. I'm trying my best.

Clinician: Well, that's a good thing. You're trying your best.

Client: I'm trying my best. I don't know what else I can do.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I'm doing the best I can. I don't know what else I can give up.

Clinician: So, you're willing to go ahead and try and make some of these changes and see if you can make some of the changes that we talked about?

Client: I'm not sure. I don't know what else I can cut back on. I feel like I'm already doing the best I can.

Clinician: Okay. Well, you've done a lot of work today and you've got a lot of information about your substance use and the risks that it brings.

Client: Yes. I feel like I have more information. I don't know what else I can give up.

Clinician: Okay. And, you know, I'm really glad you're willing to go ahead and try to make some changes. I'm not going to be here to monitor your progress and I'm not going to tell you what to do. You've got to be the one to make those decisions about what you're willing to do.

Client: Okay. Thank you. I appreciate your help.

Clinician: You're welcome.

Client: Thank you. Have a good day.

Clinician: You too.

Client: I feel like I have more information now. I don't know what else I can give up.

Clinician: That's okay.

