Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I'm doing okay, I guess. I feel like I have a lot of anxiety surrounding this test coming up in my psychology class. I feel like it's the first hurdle to me getting into the graduate program I've been applying for

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I've been preparing really hard for this test and I feel like I've studied enough, but I'm still worried I'll fail

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I've been staying up late at night trying to get all my studying in, but I can't sleep well because I'm anxious about the test

Clinician: Okay. So what do you need to do to make sure you get a good night's sleep?

Client: I guess I could use some tools to calm myself down at night and help me fall asleep

Clinician: Hmm.

Client: I think deep breathing exercises might be helpful. I'm willing to try that out tonight before bed

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I also think that practicing the test under timed conditions would help. I've been worried about the format and what it'll be like

Clinician: Okay, so you're worried about the format of the exam.

Client: Yes, I don't want to be surprised when I get there

Clinician: Okay. So you want to go there, you want to be ready, and you want to make sure that you're not surprised.

Client: Yes, that's right. I don't want to freeze up because I'm not used to the format

Clinician: Okay.

Client: So I think taking a practice test will help me prepare for that. I've already scheduled one for this weekend

Clinician: That's great. So, you've already scheduled it.

Client: Yes, I think that will help me prepare a lot. I'm still nervous about it, but I feel like it will help

Clinician: Okay. So what do you think about doing that?

Client: I think that's a really good idea. I'm willing to try it out and see how it goes.

Clinician: Yeah. I think it's a good idea. So, you know, we could put you on a program, and then, uh, it's really up to you if you want to come in here and have a blood test.

Client: That's fine. I'm willing to do whatever I can to get through this. I feel like it will help me in the long run.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I think trying the deep breathing will help me too. I'm willing to try that tonight before bed.

Clinician: Okay. Um, what else would you like to know about the breathing exercise?

Client: Um, I think I have a good idea. I'll try to do it for five minutes before bed.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I think I have a good idea of how to start that.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: Thank you for your help! I really appreciate it.

Clinician: No problem at all.

Client: I feel much more at ease now. I'll try it tonight and let you know how it goes.

Clinician: Great. So what I'm hearing is that you've been smoking for a long time and you're feeling more in control of your drinking.

Client: Yes, that's right. I think I have some good tools to help me with the anxiety.

Clinician: Great. So what would be helpful is if you could think of a few more things that you might be able to try that you haven't tried before.

Client: That's a good idea. I can think about other things to try if the deep breathing and practicing the test don't help.

Clinician: Okay. What else can we do in the meantime?

Client: I think I have a good handle on things now. I feel more at ease and I'm willing to try new things to help me get through this.

Clinician: You're definitely going to be okay.

Client: Thank you! I appreciate it.

Clinician: Okay. So we'll be back in a couple of weeks to see how it goes.

Client: Sounds good. Thank you again.

Clinician: Yeah, okay.

