Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I've been feeling very emotional and unstable lately, I'm not sure if it's because of my boyfriend cheating with my best friend or if I'm just struggling with anxiety.

Clinician: Hmm.

Client: I've been trying to get things back in order in my life but it's hard to feel grounded when the foundation is broken.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I don't know how to move forward with a relationship if it feels like my boyfriend doesn't respect me.

Clinician: So you're worried about getting hurt if you move forward?

Client: I guess I'm not sure if the relationship is worth fixing or if I should just end it now.

Clinician: Okay. So you don't know what you wanna do next.

Client: I'm worried that I'm just being dramatic about it and that it doesn't matter as much as I'm making it out to be.

Clinician: Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure you're not being dramatic. I'm sure it's a very real concern and a very real fear for you.

Client: It just feels so fresh still, I can't imagine going back to the way things were before I found out.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I know that it's going to take time, but it's hard to even think about it right now.

Clinician: Okay, and you mentioned that you've got a plan to go to the gym, and that you've got a plan to start exercising.

Client: Yes, I think that exercising will help me get out of my head and release endorphins to help me feel better.

Clinician: Okay. What would it take for you to start going to the gym?

Client: I guess it would just take me actually signing up and going there. I'm afraid I won't be able to go or that it will be harder than I think.

Clinician: So, you're not sure you can actually go to the gym.

Client: No, because I've had issues with going before. I always get discouraged after the first week.

Clinician: Okay. Well, I guess you have some reasons for not wanting to go.

Client: I've been trying to exercise at home, but I think that it would be better to go somewhere public so I don't feel as guilty.

Clinician: Yeah, yeah. So, you feel more comfortable exercising in a public place because you don't feel guilty about doing it at home?

Client: I think so. I feel guilty taking time for myself at home because there are always other things that need to be done.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: But if I'm at the gym, I feel like I have a purpose and it's okay to take time.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I also think that being around other people will help distract me from my thoughts.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: Do you have any experience with going to the gym or exercising to deal with emotions?

Clinician: Yeah, I have. I used to go to the gym every day, but I haven't in a while. I've got a lot of different things going on right now.

Client: I can understand that. Life gets busy, but I feel like I need to prioritize self-care right now.

Clinician: Okay. So, you know, there's a lot of things that happen in a day, and you have to prioritize. So, what would be your top three priorities in your life?

Client: I think my top three priorities would be my relationship, my mental health, and my career.

Clinician: Okay. So, for you, what's the most important thing that you'd like to change in your life?

Client: I think it would be to change my mental health so that I can better cope with my relationship.

Clinician: So you've got this idea of being able to cope better with your relationship.

Client: Yes, I want to feel more stable and grounded so that I can make decisions that feel right for me.

Clinician: Okay. And what do you think you need to do to start feeling more grounded and stable?

Client: I think that I need to start taking care of myself in the ways that I mentioned before-like exercising and journaling.

Clinician: Okay, great.

Client: I think that if I focus on those things, it will help me feel better about my relationship.

Clinician: So, what would it look like to you if you were able to focus on the things that you've identified as most important?

Client: I think that it would look like me signing up for the gym, going for walks outside, and writing in my journal each day.

Clinician: Okay. So you're thinking of making changes in your lifestyle that would include physical activity, and journaling, and maybe even some time outside.

Client: Yes, I think those are all important changes for me to make right now.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I think that they would help me feel better about my relationship and myself.

Clinician: Okay. So what do you think would be the next step?

Client: I think the next step would be to actually sign up for the gym and go this week.

Clinician: Okay, great. So, we'll see you there.

Client: Thank you so much for your help today, it made me feel more grounded and in control.

Clinician: You've got this. You've got this. I'm so proud of you.

Client: Thank you, I feel proud of myself too!

Clinician: Yeah.

