Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: Not so good lately. Things have been going downhill pretty quickly.

Clinician: Right. So, um, what are you thinking about doing?

Client: I don't really know where to start. I've tried to avoid her because I know she's been getting angry more often lately.

Clinician: Mm. What do you think is going on?

Client: I think it's because she moved out for a while, and she was trying to get her life together. She said so herself, but when she came back, I don't know what happened.

Clinician: Okay. So, you two, you had a good relationship and she moved out, and when she came back, something changed.

Client: I guess. I don't know how to explain it. I'm constantly watching her to see what she's doing.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: And if I go to take a shower, and she's there, I'll try to stay out of the bathroom until she's done.

Clinician: Okay. So, you've got a plan.

Client: I'm trying to. I don't know if it's working, but I'm trying.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I just feel so scared in my own home. I shouldn't have to be like this.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I should be able to go to bed at night feeling safe.

Clinician: Right.

Client: I should be able to be happy.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: But I can't. It's like I'm trapped in my own life.

Clinician: Okay. So you can't make any decisions, you're not in charge of your own life.

Client: I try to make decisions, but they don't matter.

Clinician: Right.

Client: It feels like no matter what I do, I'm not going to be okay.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I feel like I'm just trying to survive.

Clinician: Mm.

Client: I don't want to be like this anymore. I want to be happy.

Clinician: Mm.

Client: I want to be safe.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I want to have friends. I want to be normal. I want to feel normal.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I want to be able to smile without feeling like I'm hiding something.

Clinician: Okay. So, I'm wondering if it's a little bit of a shame that you feel about the way that you look and you feel about the way that you look, it's really important to you that you feel good about yourself and that you don't feel like you're hiding something.

Client: Yeah. I guess I just don't know how to get there.

Clinician: Okay. So what you're saying is that you're not sure where you're gonna start or where you're gonna go?

Client: Yeah. I don't even know what to do. I don't know where to start.

Clinician: Okay. So, it's a bit overwhelming.

Client: It is. I don't know where to start.

Clinician: Mm. Well, the first thing I'd like to do is just make sure that you're okay. It's been a while since we've talked.

Client: I'm okay. I'm just sad lately. I've been feeling pretty down.

Clinician: You've been feeling pretty down lately?

Client: Yeah. It's kind of hard to explain. It feels like everything's falling apart, but I can't put my finger on it.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I've just been really sad. I don't know how to explain it.

Clinician: Okay. So, you've been feeling down.

Client: Yeah. And anxious a lot too.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: But it's like everything's getting worse, but I can't do anything to stop it.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: And I don't know what to do. I'm just trying to keep going, I guess.

Clinician: Yeah, so you're really trying to keep going.

Client: I am. I don't know what else to do.

Clinician: Okay. So you're not feeling like you have any other options.

Client: No. I'm trying to keep going, but I don't know how long I can do it.

Clinician: Yeah. So you're trying to keep going, but you're not sure how long you can go?

Client: Yeah. It's just been really hard lately. I don't know how to explain it.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I'm just trying to keep going. I don't know what else to do.

Clinician: Yeah. So, you're just trying to keep going. So, you're-you're not really interested in changing your drinking.

Client: I don't really drink that much. I'm just trying to get by.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're not drinking very much, but you're not trying to stop drinking. You're just trying to get by.

Client: I am. I just don't know what to do. I don't know how to explain it.

Clinician: Okay. Well, you know, I have a couple of questions I'd like to ask you to get a better picture of what's going on.

Client: Okay. I guess that's fair.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I don't know how it'll help, but I'm willing to try.

Clinician: Okay. So, I see that you have a plan in place, and you're willing to try it.

Client: I am. I'm just scared that it won't work.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I don't know what else to do. I just don't know how to fix it.

Clinician: Okay. So, you know it's something that you're not sure you can fix, but you know it's something that's going on.

Client: Yeah. It's like it's spinning out of control.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: And I don't know how to stop it. I don't know how to fix it.

Clinician: And that's something that you really feel like you have to do.

Client: I do. I don't want to live like this anymore.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I don't want to be trapped in my own life. I want to be happy.

Clinician: Okay. So, you want to be happy and you want to be able to be with your friends and family and be able to have a good life.

Client: I do. I just don't know how to get there.

Clinician: Okay. So, what do you think you need to get you to where you want to be?

Client: I don't really know. I guess I need help. I guess I need someone to show me how to do it.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're not sure what you're supposed to do.

Client: No. I don't even know what to do. I guess I need help. I guess I need someone to show me how to do it.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I don't know what to do. I don't know where to start.

Clinician: You don't know what to do. I think you're feeling overwhelmed.

Client: I am. I don't know how to explain it.

Clinician: Well, I mean, I guess I would think about it this way. You know, you're, uh, you've got a friend who's, um, you know, drinking, uh, maybe a little more than is healthy, maybe, you know, drinking more than you think is healthy, and you notice that, um, you know, some of your friends have, uh, some of your friends have, um, some problems, some of your friends have some of the problems, and you're wondering what you can do about it.

Client: I am. I don't know how to help them. I don't know how to help myself.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I'm just stuck. I don't know what to do.

Clinician: So what's it like for you now that you're in the car?

Client: I feel really scared. I'm not sure if I'm in danger or not.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: But I'm also just scared of what might happen.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I don't know what to do. I just don't know what to do.

Clinician: So you feel kind of stuck.

Client: I do. I don't know how to explain it. I'm just scared. I'm just so scared.

Clinician: You're scared of the consequences.

Client: I guess. I just don't know what to do. I'm just so scared.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I don't know how to explain it. I just don't know what to do.

Clinician: Okay, well, what do you think about, um, you know, just doing a little bit of research? Um, just a little bit, you know, on your own, about, um, you know, different kinds of exercise, different kinds of food.

Client: Okay. I'm not really sure what to do, but I'm willing to try.

Clinician: All right. Well, it's great that you're willing to try. So, what would you like to do about this?

Client: I don't really know. I don't know what to do. I guess I need to try some different things.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: Maybe if I try a few different things, I'll be able to find something that works.

Clinician: Okay. Well, I do think that that's a great place to start. I'm glad you're willing to make the effort to look into some different ways to manage your asthma.

Client: Okay. Thank you. I'll try my best to find something that works.

Clinician: All right.

Client: I'm just so scared. I'm just so scared that I'll never find something that works.

Clinician: It sounds like you have a lot of ideas and you're not sure which one to pick.

Client: Yeah. I don't know what to do. I just feel so scared.

Clinician: Okay. So, what is it about smoking that scares you?

Client: I don't know. I guess I just don't want to hurt myself.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So, you're worried about hurting yourself?

Client: Yeah. I just don't want to do anything that will hurt me.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I just don't know what to do. I'm just so scared.

Clinician: Okay. What are you scared about?

Client: I'm scared that I won't be able to do it. I'm scared that I won't be able to find something that works.

Clinician: Mm.

Client: I'm scared that I won't be able to make a change. I just don't know what to do.

Clinician: Yeah. It sounds like you're feeling a bit overwhelmed.

Client: I am. I just don't know how to explain it. I'm just scared.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I just don't know what to do.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So, you're not really sure what you wanna do next.

Client: I'm not. I don't know what to do. I just feel so scared.

Clinician: So it sounds like, uh, you're not sure what to do with yourself.

Client: I don't. I'm just so scared. I don't know what to do.

Clinician: I know. And you know what you're gonna do.

Client: What?

Clinician: Um, what's the first thing you'd do?

Client: I guess I would try to find some different things to try. Maybe if I try a few different things, I'll be able to find something that works.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're willing to try something new.

Client: I am. I just don't know what to do. I'm just so scared.

Clinician: So, you're feeling a little bit overwhelmed.

Client: Yeah. I don't know what to do. I just feel so scared.

Clinician: Okay. So, I'm wondering, um, how confident are you that you could actually get the flu shot?

Client: I don't know. I'm not really sure. I'm just so scared.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're not really sure about it, and you're scared about it.

Client: Yeah. I don't know what to do. I'm just so scared.

Clinician: Mm. So, what would it be like for you if you didn't have to do this?

Client: I guess I wouldn't be so scared. I guess I wouldn't be feeling so trapped.

Clinician: Right.

Client: I guess it would make me feel a little better.

Clinician: Hmm. So you'd feel more confident?

Client: Yeah. I guess I would feel a little more confident.

Clinician: You're not saying you're confident.

Client: No. But I guess I would feel a little better. I don't know.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: It's hard to explain. I just feel so scared.

Clinician: Okay. So you feel scared and you've got to decide what to do.

Client: Yeah. I don't know what to do. I'm just so scared.

Clinician: Okay, so what do you think might be some of the things that you could do to feel a little bit more in control and less scared?

Client: I guess I could try to do some research on the flu shot. I guess that would help me understand it better.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're open to that.

Client: Yeah. I'm just scared that it won't work.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So you're kind of feeling a bit of doubt.

Client: Yeah. I'm just so scared. I don't know what to do.

Clinician: Okay. What would be helpful for you to do?

Client: I guess I would feel a little better if I had some more information about the flu shot.

Clinician: Yeah, I think that's a great idea. And I can help you get that information.

Client: Okay. I guess I'll try to look into it a little bit.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: Maybe if I get some more information, I'll feel a little better.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: Thanks for your help. I'm just feeling a little scared.

Clinician: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So, so, you know, I'm glad you're here today.

Client: I'm glad I came. I'm just feeling so scared.

Clinician: Okay, so you came because you're scared.

Client: Yeah. I don't know what to do. I'm just so scared.

Clinician: I can see you're a little nervous.

Client: I am. I just don't know what to do. I'm just so scared.

Clinician: And-and-and, um, that's what I'm hearing is that you've got some really good things going for you, and you're really concerned about this-this-this, um, this-this-this, uh, this-this-this-this is going to happen.

Client: Yeah. I just don't know what to do. I'm just so scared.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I don't know what to do. I'm just so scared.

Clinician: So, you feel like you've kind of got yourself in a bind, you feel like you've got some options, but you're not sure what to do.

Client: Yeah. I'm just feeling so scared. I don't know what to do.

Clinician: Okay. So what would help you feel a little bit more in control about this situation?

Client: I guess if I had some more information, I'd feel a little better.

Clinician: Yeah. And it's okay to feel a little nervous or anxious about things, and you know, if you need more information, that's fine.

Client: Okay. I'll try to look into it a little bit more.

Clinician: All right. So, um, I'm wondering if, um, you're willing to talk to me a little bit more about your-- your experience with meth use.

Client: Okay. I'm willing to talk about it. I'm just feeling a little scared.

Clinician: Okay. Well, um, I think we can do this together.

Client: Okay. I guess that's okay.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: Thanks for your help. I'm just feeling a little scared.

Clinician: All right. Well, you know, I've got a lot of experience in this field. And I'm also a bit of a skeptic when it comes to the claims made by the pharmaceutical industry. But you know what? I think you're gonna be okay.

Client: Okay. I hope so. I'm just feeling a little scared.

Clinician: Okay. So, you have a little bit of a plan, and you feel like you need to go a little bit farther than you've done so far.

Client: Yeah. I guess if I try a few different things, I'll be able to find something that works.

Clinician: Okay. So, what I'm hearing you say is that you have a sense of being able to do a little bit of experimenting and trying different things, and you don't feel like you need to find a single solution that's perfect for you.

