Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I'm okay. I'm trying to do better at being kind to myself. I'm hoping to get better at being kinder to myself.

Clinician: And what do you think are some of the ways you can do that?

Client: I think I need to work on giving myself more time to rest and not feeling like I have to be productive all the time.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I guess it's hard because I don't know what else to do with myself.

Clinician: Okay. So it sounds like you're really feeling kind of stuck in your life right now. What do you think you'd like to do?

Client: I think I just want to be able to get better. I want to feel more confident in my abilities, and I want to believe that I deserve to succeed.

Clinician: Yeah. So, you know, it's hard to go through this, but you've got some really good ideas about what you need to do. So, what do you think would be the next step?

Client: I think I need to keep trying to be kind to myself, even when it's hard.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I also need to start being more specific with what I want to achieve, so that I'm not feeling like I have to do everything at once.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I think those are the two main things.

Clinician: And what about the other things that you've mentioned?

Client: Well, I guess the other thing is that I want to learn to be more comfortable with not having all the answers.

Clinician: So, what would it look like to be comfortable with not having all the answers?

Client: I guess it would look like feeling okay when I don't know what to do, or feeling okay when I'm not sure if I'm doing things correctly.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: Maybe it's just learning to trust myself more.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: That's hard, though. It's hard to trust myself.

Clinician: Yeah, it's hard to trust yourself when you're doing it again.

Client: Yeah. When I'm not sure if I'm doing it right.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: That's really hard.

Clinician: Mm.

Client: But I guess it's good that I'm at least thinking about it. I'm at least thinking about the possibility of getting better.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I guess that's a step in the right direction.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: Or at least, I think it's a step in the right direction.

Clinician: Mm.

