Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: Hi. I am a bit concerned. I have been having some thoughts about the people around me, and it has been hard to focus on anything.

Clinician: Okay. So, what have you been thinking about?

Client: I think I have been comparing myself to others and wondering why I can't do things like they can.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I think I have also been feeling jealous because I am not doing as well financially.

Clinician: Mm.

Client: I also help out around my house and with family members, and it feels like they are doing well and are more successful than I am.

Clinician: Yeah. And-and so, um, and you're not sure what you're doing wrong.

Client: No. And I guess that's why I feel like I am just failing at everything I do.

Clinician: You're not failing.

Client: I don't know. I feel like it. I don't feel like I am doing enough, or like I'm not good enough.

Clinician: You feel like you're not good enough?

Client: Yes. I think I compare myself to other people and get jealous when I see them do things that I want to do.

Clinician: Mm.

Client: I feel like I am stuck in poverty and it's hard to see any end to it.

Clinician: Okay. What do you think would help you get out of this?

Client: I think if I could find a way to save money and feel stable, I might be able to feel better.

Clinician: Okay. So, I'm hearing that you're not quite ready to make a big change right now. Is that right?

Client: Maybe. I guess I'm not sure. I don't know what would help.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I don't know what it would take to feel better.

Clinician: Yeah, yeah.

Client: I feel like it's something I need to work through myself.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I think that's what I'm trying to do-figure out my own path.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I just wish I had more clarity about it.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I feel like I have a lot of different thoughts going on.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I don't know how to untangle them.

Clinician: Hmm.

Client: I feel like I'm in a bit of a mess.

Clinician: Yeah, yeah. So it sounds like you're really feeling like you're a bit stuck right now.

Client: Yes. And I don't know how to get unstuck.

Clinician: So, what would it take for you to be able to get unstuck?

Client: I think if I could find a way to save more money and be more stable, I might feel better.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I feel like I'm just running on empty.

Clinician: Okay. So, what would be a little bit of a win for you today?

Client: I think if I could just make it through my classes today, that would be a small win.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I think that's something I can do.

Clinician: Great. So, you think that you can do that?

Client: Yes. I feel like if I can just make it through today, I might have a better idea of what to do.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're thinking about what you need to do today to help you get through this day. What would that be?

Client: I think if I can just focus on my schoolwork and not get too distracted, that would help.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I think that's something I can do. I just need to stay focused.

Clinician: Okay, great.

Client: And if I can do that, I might feel better about what I need to do.

Clinician: Okay. So, you've got some really good ideas about how to get started, and I can see that you're willing to go and try it.

Client: Yes. I think that's something I can do. I just need to stay focused.

Clinician: Okay. What do you think is the first thing that you can do to start to work on that?

Client: I think if I can just sit down and focus on my classes, that would be the first step.

Clinician: Okay, and then what do you think would be the next step after that?

Client: I think if I can get through today, I might feel better and have a better idea of what to do.

Clinician: So it sounds like you're willing to try to get through today and see how it goes?

Client: Yes. And see if I can't figure out my next step from there.

Clinician: Okay. So you're not quite ready to do it right now, but you're willing to figure out what you can do, you know, in the next few days.

Client: Yes. I think I can try that. I just need to stay focused.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: And I feel like if I can just make it through today, I'll have a better idea of where to go.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: Thank you for helping me today. I feel a bit more hopeful.

Clinician: That's great.

Client: I think that's what I needed.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: Thank you.

Clinician: All right.

