Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I've been thinking about something from last week. I feel a bit stuck about how things went with her.

Clinician: So you're not sure how you did?

Client: I know I could have been more direct about my feelings. I just wasn't sure how to express myself.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: Now that I think about it, I probably could have handled it better.

Clinician: Yeah, yeah.

Client: I don't know what I expected to happen. Maybe I just wanted to see if she felt the same way.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I had a crush on her for years. Recently, I decided to tell her and see if there was something more.

Clinician: So, the idea is, you're not quite sure yet whether you're ready to go further with this relationship.

Client: Exactly. It's been going on for years. I'm starting to realize it was a little silly of me to keep it quiet.

Clinician: Mm. Yeah.

Client: I think I was trying to avoid losing her as a friend. I don't know what I expected to happen.

Clinician: Mm. So it sounds like the reason that you didn't talk to her about this was that you were afraid that you were going to lose her.

Client: Yeah. I didn't want to make her uncomfortable, and I was afraid she'd say no.

Clinician: Mm.

Client: I've known her for so long, and I value her friendship a lot. I just thought, *Maybe if I don't say anything, it'll stay the same.*

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I think that's why it hurt more than I thought it would.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I didn't realize how much I wanted something more. I guess I was hoping she'd change her mind if I kept it quiet long enough.

Clinician: So, you're saying you wanted a little bit of privacy and you wanted to keep it quiet.

Client: I guess I wanted to keep the possibility open. I didn't want to lose her as a friend, but I also wanted to see if there was something more.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: But she's a great person, and I don't want to lose her. I think I'm just a little lost right now.

Clinician: Okay. So you want to keep your girlfriend but you also have this fear about the pregnancy.

Client: No. I'm not her boyfriend. I just really liked her. I don't know what to do right now.

Clinician: Okay. So you like her. So what would you need to do to start a relationship with her?

Client: I don't know. I feel like I need some closure. I think she's moved on, but I'm not entirely sure.

Clinician: And what does that feel like to you?

Client: It feels really painful. I'm not sure what I'm going to do, because it's not like I can just ask her what's going on.

Clinician: You don't know how to talk to her about it?

Client: I don't know what to say. I feel like I need to know what happened.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I feel like I have all these loose ends that I don't know how to deal with.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I'm not sure what I'm going to do. I don't feel like I can keep going on like this.

Clinician: Yeah, and you've got to make the decision of what to do.

Client: Yeah, I think so. It feels a little scary right now. I'm not sure how to move forward.

Clinician: Okay. Well, you know, you've already taken a really big step in that you've come in and you've started to explore some things that might be helpful for you.

Client: Thanks. That's nice to hear. I don't know what I'm going to do yet. I'm still trying to figure things out.

Clinician: Yeah. So you're not quite sure what you're going to do next?

Client: No. I think I need to get a better sense of where she is and how she feels.

Clinician: Mm.

Client: I think I'm just going to have to wait and see how things go from here.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I guess I can talk to my friend too. He's been through something similar.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So it's not just about you being able to get the information and the help but also being able to talk to other people who've had similar experiences.

Client: Yeah. I think that'll help a lot. I'm just not sure when I'll be able to do that.

Clinician: Well, I'm hoping that you'll be able to get some more information on how to get started.

Client: Thanks. I appreciate that. I'll try to do my best to get a better sense of where I am and where she is.

Clinician: Okay. Well, it sounds like she's supportive, and she's willing to listen. So, I think you've got a good foundation there. So, I'm wondering if you could help me understand a little bit about your drinking, just so that I can make sure that I understand your concerns. So, could you tell me about how much you drink and how often?

Client: I don't drink that often. Usually just on the weekends.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: Maybe two to three times a month.

Clinician: Right. And what are the things that you do to stay away from the alcohol?

Client: I think the biggest thing is that I only drink on the weekends. I don't drink during the week.

Clinician: Yeah, that's a great start.

Client: I think the other thing is that I don't feel like I have any major problems that drinking would help with.

Clinician: Yeah. So, it's not really helping you with anything.

Client: No, not really. I don't feel like I have a lot to distract myself from.

Clinician: Okay. And when you say that you don't feel like you have a lot to distract yourself from, do you have any other thoughts about that?

Client: I guess I'm just not sure what I would want to distract myself from. I don't feel like there's a lot going on that I need to distract myself from.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I think I'm just happy with my life.

Clinician: So, you're happy.

Client: Yeah. I feel like I have a good support system.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I'm just not sure what drinking would help with right now.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're not quite sure what it would help with.

Client: No. I don't feel like I need it.

Clinician: So, you feel like you're not using it as much as you're using it now.

Client: Yeah. I think I can cut back a little bit. I don't feel like it's having a huge impact on my life right now.

Clinician: So, you've got a couple of things going on. You feel like you're not doing too badly, but you're not happy with the amount of smoking that you're doing.

Client: That's right. Yeah, that's accurate.

Clinician: So, it looks like you're pretty confident that you're gonna be able to do that.

Client: Yeah, I think so. I don't feel like smoking is having a huge impact on my life right now.

Clinician: Okay, so you're not smoking right now and you're not really smoking, and it's not having a big impact on your life.

Client: Yeah, that's right. I'm just not sure why I'm doing it.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I guess it's something I've done for a while, and I'm not entirely sure why I keep doing it.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're not quite sure why you're doing it, but you've been doing it for a while.

Client: Yeah. It's just something I've always done. I guess I could try to cut back a little bit.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: It's not having a huge impact on my life.

Clinician: Okay. So it's not having a huge impact on your life, but it's still there and it's still something that you need to think about.

Client: Yeah, that's true. I guess it's something I could work on a little bit.

Clinician: Okay. Well, it sounds like you're ready to make some changes in your life.

Client: Yeah, I think so. I think I have a good sense of what I need to work on.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're saying, "Yeah, I've got a pretty good idea of what I need to do."

Client: Yeah, I think so. I'm just not sure when I'll be able to do it.

Clinician: So, you're willing to try it. You're willing to take this step.

Client: Yeah, I think so. I'm just not sure when I'll be able to do it.

Clinician: Okay. So it's important for you to have a plan and, um, you've got the resources to do that. So, uh, it sounds like it's really important to you to get this done. Um, what do you think the next step would be for you?

Client: I think I need to get a better sense of where she is.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I think I need to talk to my friend a little bit too. He's been through something similar.

Clinician: Okay. And so, you're not ready to talk to the counselor yet, but you're open to talking to your friend.

Client: Yeah, I think so. I think it'll be helpful to talk to someone who's been through something similar.

Clinician: So, what do you think you might be able to do to help yourself?

Client: I think I need to give myself a little bit of time. I need to give myself a little bit of closure.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I think I'm just going to have to wait and see how things go from here.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I think it'll be a little bit before I'm ready to move forward.

Clinician: Okay. So you're not quite ready to move forward right now?

Client: No. I think I need a little bit more time.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I think it'll be a little bit before I'm ready to move forward.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I think I need a little bit more time.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're kind of on your way to making a decision, but you're not quite ready to make the decision.

Client: Yeah. I think I'm getting there, but I'm not quite there yet.

Clinician: Yeah. Well, so what-what's a goal for you that you're working toward?

Client: I guess I just want to make sure I'm doing the right thing.

Clinician: Okay. So, what are some of the things you think you could do to get back into shape?

Client: I think the biggest thing is just getting out more. I need to spend more time with other people.

Clinician: Okay. And you've noticed that that's been something that you've been missing?

Client: Yeah. I think it's one of the main things. I just need to get out more and spend time with other people.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I think that'll help a lot.

Clinician: Okay. Well, thanks. And then we'll see how it goes.

Client: Yeah. Thanks. I appreciate it.

Clinician: Yeah, so, you know, you've been a really good patient. And I know that you're gonna be a good patient. I'm gonna see you in about a month.

Client: Okay. Sounds good. Thanks. Bye.

Clinician: Bye.

