Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I've been better, I've been worse. I'm still trying to stay grounded with everything going on.

Clinician: Okay. So, what's been different about the last time you saw your mom?

Client: I just found out my boyfriend cheated on me with my best friend. I'm not sure if I want to stay in the relationship because we had plans to get engaged in a few months

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So, you have some big plans for your relationship and, um, you found out that he cheated on you with your best friend.

Client: Yeah. I've known her for over a decade. I feel betrayed on so many levels.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I've always believed that if I stay in control, things won't get out of hand, but now I feel like I have no control over anything.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: Maybe this is a wake up call for me to not let my guard down so much.

Clinician: Okay. So it sounds like you're really feeling that this is a wake-up call to you. So you're not necessarily going to make any big changes in the next week or two. But you're going to keep an eye on the situation.

Client: I think so. I feel like I need to do some self reflecting on what I want and what I don't want, but I'm also open to the idea of talking with the man who has been interested in me for a year

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I never considered him seriously because I always wanted to stay with someone who made me feel safe.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: Now I'm starting to wonder if I've been settling for people who don't see me.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I don't know if it's right to give up on love, but I also don't want to keep putting myself in situations where I feel used or unloved

Clinician: Yeah. So, I'm hearing that you're really concerned about how you can feel loved and be loved by other people without being used or feeling like you're being taken advantage of.

Client: That's it. I want to believe that love can conquer all, but I also want to be smart about who I let in my life

Clinician: Okay. And you're willing to be smart about who you let in your life.

Client: Yes, definitely. I think that's one of the smartest things I can do.

Clinician: Yeah. So, what else do you think you need to do?

Client: Maybe just take some time to reflect on what I really want. I feel like that will help me move forward

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: Thank you for the help today. You've been really insightful.

Clinician: So, thank you for coming in today.

Client: Thank you! Have a great rest of your day!

Clinician: Thank you so much.

Client: Goodbye.

Clinician: Bye, bye.

