Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I just keep thinking about my girlfriend who died by suicide. I wish I could have done something to help her.

Clinician: You feel responsible for what happened to your girlfriend.

Client: I do. It's hard to think about what could have been done differently. I feel like I keep failing and it's not just with her.

Clinician: Okay. So, you've had some experiences with your partner and you're not happy with how things are going.

Client: I feel like I'm letting everyone down. I don't know how to stop feeling this way.

Clinician: Okay. So you've got a lot on your mind right now.

Client: Yes, a lot. I'm sorry for just dumping this on you. I just feel so lost.

Clinician: It's okay, it's okay. So, you've been going to the doctor and getting some tests done, and it sounds like that's helping you to get a better sense of what's going on. And now you're seeing a counselor. So, it sounds like you're taking some steps in the right direction, and that's great.

Client: It does help to talk to someone. But I'm not sure what to do with the rest of my life.

Clinician: So you feel a bit stuck?

Client: Yes, and a little scared. I keep having suicidal thoughts and I'm not sure what to do about them.

Clinician: Okay. So you feel like you're making some progress in some areas, but you're still feeling pretty overwhelmed, and you're having some thoughts about suicide.

Client: Yes, that's exactly right. I don't know what to do to help myself.

Clinician: Okay, so you know it's important, but you're not sure what steps you can take to make the change?

Client: Yes, exactly. I don't know what I need to do.

Clinician: So, what I'm picking up is you're feeling a bit stuck at the moment and you're not really sure what you need to do.

Client: Yes. I'm sorry. I know I'm not making much sense. I'm just really confused.

Clinician: Sure.

Client: I feel like I'm trying so hard, but nothing seems to be working. I'm not sure if I should keep trying.

Clinician: It sounds like you've been putting a lot of pressure on yourself, and you feel like you're not succeeding.

Client: Yes, exactly. I don't know how to let that go.

Clinician: Okay. So you've got this idea that you can't let that go and it's-it's just something that you're-- You know, it's not in your control and-and it's-- It's just something that's happening.

Client: Yes, that's true. It's out of my control. I guess that's good. I just want to feel okay again.

Clinician: Okay. Well, I appreciate you coming in today, and I really do appreciate you talking with me about this. And, um, I really appreciate you telling me about what's going on with you, and, um, and you're-you're really a good patient. I'm proud of you for coming in today, and, um, we can certainly talk about this again next time. And I encourage you to come in if you have any questions or concerns about your medications. Thank you so much.

Client: Thank you for talking with me. It helps to have someone to talk to.

Clinician: Well, thank you for coming in. I appreciate you taking the time to talk to me.

Client: Thank you. Have a good night. Bye.

Clinician: Good night.

