Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I'm okay. I just found out that my boyfriend was having an affair with my best friend.

Clinician: So, it's a big shock.

Client: Yeah, it is. I've been with my boyfriend for nearly five years, and now I'm wondering if I should even stay in the relationship.

Clinician: So, you're with him for almost five years, and now you're actually thinking about maybe not staying in the relationship?

Client: Yes, but then again, I've just started thinking about another guy I know who's been interested in me for a while.

Clinician: So there's this other guy getting on your nerves?

Client: No, not really. It's just that I've always had a pretty set idea of my life, and I feel like that's all being torn apart.

Clinician: So you're not so sure what's going to happen next?

Client: No. I'm usually very logical and have a plan for everything, but now I feel like my head is all over the place.

Clinician: Okay. So, you said you're a goal-oriented type of guy, and now you feel like your head is all over the place.

Client: I'm not a guy, I'm a girl! But yeah, that's exactly right.

Clinician: So, um, so you've got your mom and your dad and your-

Client: I don't really have a dad. He passed away when I was younger.

Clinician: Okay. So you're looking for a dad figure.

Client: Well, I wouldn't say that exactly. But yeah, my mom is very controlling and likes to tell me what to do, so I guess I have a desire for more freedom and trust in relationships.

Clinician: So, you want more freedom in your life and you want to be more trusting in your relationships?

Client: Yes, but also a desire to control everything so that I don't get hurt.

Clinician: Okay. So you've got some reasons for wanting to quit smoking.

Client: I don't smoke. I'm worried about my relationship.

Clinician: What would help you feel more confident about dealing with stress without relying on alcohol and drugs?

Client: Maybe being able to communicate more openly with my partner and others?

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I'm usually pretty open, but lately I've been having a lot of anxiety about the future.

Clinician: You're not alone. I know a lot of clients who have been feeling that way.

Client: Yeah, I'm sure that's true. But still hard to deal with.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I'm not sure how to get over it.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: Should I even stay in the relationship?

Clinician: Mm. So, you've-you've noticed that when he's drinking, he's more likely to hurt you?

Client: Yeah. And that makes me want to control the situation even more, because I don't want to get hurt.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're-you're trying to keep yourself safe.

Client: Yeah. I'm not sure if that's healthy or not, though.

Clinician: So, you're not sure if it is or isn't?

Client: Right. And I feel like I'm losing my grip on reality because I'm not sure if I should trust him or not.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So, on one hand, you have this plan that's really important to you, it sounds like, and you've worked really hard to get to this point where you can get home, and yet on the other hand, it sounds like you're kind of questioning, "Is this the right decision? Is this where I should be going?"

Client: Yeah, I guess that's right. But at the same time, I know that my boyfriend has really hurt me and I feel like I should break up with him.

Clinician: Okay, so it sounds like you're feeling torn between two different things that you want to do. On one hand, you know that you're hurting yourself physically and mentally, and you know that your boyfriend has hurt you too, but on the other hand, you also have some feelings of wanting to stay together.

Client: Yeah, exactly. And that makes me feel even more uncertain.

Clinician: So, you're noticing that these things are all related to each other?

Client: Yeah, definitely. But I guess that's why I'm here-because I need to figure it out.

Clinician: Yeah. Well, I'm really glad that you came and you're very motivated to make some changes in your life. And you've got a lot of good ideas already, and I'm sure you can come up with even more.

Client: Thank you. Yeah, I hope so. I guess I'm just scared of what might happen if I don't.

Clinician: Yeah. And it's really up to you. You're-you're the boss of your own body. And I'm just here to give you any information that I can, and to support you as much as I can.

Client: Thank you. I really appreciate that.

Clinician: You're welcome.

Client: Thanks. Bye.

Clinician: Bye.

Client: Hello?

Clinician: Hi, I'm Dr. Fields. We haven't met yet, but I'll be your case manager. I understand you have some concerns about your son, and I'd like to help you address them.

Client: Thank you. I guess you're taking over where Dr. [inaudible 00:00:04] left off.

Clinician: Yeah. I'm taking care of that. Um, so, I know that you mentioned that you've noticed some difficulty with balance and coordination, and you're also worried about falls. Is that right?

Client: Yeah, that's right. And I'm also worried about him losing control of his bowels.

Clinician: Right. So, you're concerned about him losing control of his bowels?

Client: Yeah, I guess I'm worried about that because I don't want him to fall and then be unable to get up, and then have an accident.

Clinician: Okay. So he's your, um, he's your, um, your- your son, so you really want to make sure that he's safe and not having him fall and not having him hurt himself.

Client: Yes, exactly. And I think he would also be devastated if he had an accident.

Clinician: Okay. So you feel like you have to protect him from anything that could happen?

Client: Yeah. I think I want to make sure that he's taken care of.

Clinician: Okay. What are some things you think you need to do to get to that goal?

Client: Well, I think that would be to maybe take him to physical therapy to see if there are exercises he could do to help his balance.

Clinician: Okay. Anything else?

Client: Well, maybe we could look at a place for him to live that would have a lot of support if he needs it.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: Or at least have a place where he could go if he needs to.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: And I guess I'm also worried that maybe he should move out of his current place because it's not that safe for him.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: And I guess I'm also worried about how I'm going to get him to do all this, because I don't want to force him to do something he doesn't want to do.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So you're really wanting to make sure that whatever you do, it's something that he wants to do.

Client: Yeah. I want to make sure that he's comfortable and he's safe.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. And what about your safety?

Client: Well, I guess I'm worried about how I'm going to take care of myself too, because this is also very hard for me.

Clinician: So, you're worried about yourself and you're trying to take care of yourself.

Client: Yeah. I guess I'm worried that if I push him too much, then maybe I won't be able to handle it.

Clinician: So, it sounds like you've got a lot going on right now.

Client: Yeah, I think that's right.

Clinician: So, what have you been thinking about in terms of how you might go about dealing with the stress in your life?

Client: Well, I think that I might need to look at some support groups for me to see if that would be helpful.

Clinician: Okay, support groups can really help people with their smoking.

Client: Okay. And I think that might be helpful in this situation as well.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I guess also, maybe just some more counseling for me as well, so that I can figure out how to communicate better with my son.

Clinician: Okay. So, you've got some really good ideas about what you need to do, and you're already taking some steps towards it.

Client: Yeah, I hope so. I'm not sure how I'm going to pay for all of it.

Clinician: Okay. So, um, so what I'm hearing you say is that you really want to make a change, but you're not so sure about how you're going to get there.

Client: Yeah, that's exactly right. I know what I need to do, but I'm not sure how I'm going to get there.

Clinician: Okay, so you know what you need to do, but you're not so sure about how to get there. Okay.

Client: Yeah. And I guess also, maybe just some more time to figure it all out.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I'm not sure if I have all the answers.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: So, maybe I just need some more time.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: But at least I have a plan, so that's good.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I guess that's something to start with.

Clinician: Okay. So, what would you like to do next?

Client: Well, I guess I would like to maybe set up an appointment with a physical therapist and see if that would be helpful.

Clinician: Okay. I'm glad to hear that you're open to some solutions. If you're interested, I can help you get that appointment set up.

Client: Thank you. Yeah, that would be helpful.

Clinician: Okay. Well, if you're willing to come back and see me, we can talk about that then. Otherwise, if you'd rather just work with the case manager on this, that's fine too.

Client: Okay, yeah. I think I would like to work with you on this, but I also think I might want to see a support group as well.

Clinician: Okay. I would be happy to help you with that too.

Client: Okay, thank you. I really appreciate that.

Clinician: You're welcome.

Client: Thank you. Bye.

Clinician: Bye.

Client: Hi, Dr. Fields. How are you?

Clinician: Pretty good. Thanks for coming in today.

Client: Thank you. I'm feeling okay today. I've been thinking about what you said, and I'm not sure if I really want to go through with all that.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So, it sounds like you're kind of feeling a little bit more hesitant about going to tai chi.

Client: Yeah, I guess that's right. And I'm not sure if it's really going to help.

Clinician: Mm.

Client: I know that you said that tai chi could be helpful, but I'm not sure if I really want to go through with it.

Clinician: Yeah. So, you've been smoking, and that's had an impact on your lung capacity, and that's why I recommend tai chi. And I think it would be really helpful for you because it's going to help you increase your balance, and that way you won't fall as much, and it's also gonna help with your lung capacity. So, I know it sounds like a lot, but I think you'll really benefit from it.

Client: Okay. Well, I'm not sure. I guess maybe I'm still worried that it won't be helpful.

Clinician: So, you're still not so confident that it will be helpful?

Client: Yeah, that's right. I guess I'm not sure.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I think maybe if you had more information about it, I would feel better about it.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: But right now, I'm not sure.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I think that I'm still worried about losing my balance and falling.

Clinician: Okay. So, on the one hand, you're really concerned about the risk of falling and you've done a lot of things to reduce that risk, but on the other hand, you've also got this fear of, you know, just being up and doing something and, you know, and then, you know, it's gonna happen.

Client: Yeah, exactly. And I guess that's why I'm not sure if I want to do it.

Clinician: Yeah. And I'm just wondering, what are some of the things that you like about your drinking?

Client: Well, I think that when I drink, I feel a little bit more calm and I feel a little bit more relaxed.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: And I feel like I'm able to communicate better with people.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: But at the same time, I know that it's also been causing a lot of problems for me.

Clinician: Yeah, it's really up to you. You know what? I know you said you're not ready to quit completely, but maybe we can think about some small steps. You know, it's not necessarily about quitting completely.

Client: Okay. Well, I'm not sure. But I think that's probably a good idea.

Clinician: All right. Well, thanks for talking with me.

Client: Thank you. Bye.

Clinician: Bye.

Client: Hi. How are you?

Clinician: Oh, hi, David. I'm good. I'm sorry to see you sitting here.

Client: Thank you. I'm okay, I guess. I'm just trying to get my head around everything.

Clinician: Yeah. So, I guess I just want to make sure that if you need anything at all, uh, just let me know.

Client: Okay, thank you. I really appreciate that.

Clinician: My pleasure.

Client: Thank you. Bye.

Clinician: Goodbye.

Client: Hello?

Clinician: Oh, hey, how are you doing?

Client: I'm okay. I'm just trying to figure out what to do with my life.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I've been feeling a little bit lost.

Clinician: You feel like you need some help, you feel like you need some support.

Client: Yeah. I'm just not sure if I'm on the right path.

Clinician: Okay. Well, that's why we're here together today. So, um, you mentioned that you're kind of feeling like you're at a crossroads. You mentioned a couple of things that are important to you, like your health, your family, and your career. Is there another aspect of your life that you're hoping to change as well?

Client: I'm hoping to maybe meet someone who I can spend the rest of my life with.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: And I think that I'm kind of at a crossroads right now because my boyfriend and I are kind of on the verge of getting engaged, but then he also had an affair with my best friend.

Clinician: Oh, wow.

Client: So, I'm not sure if I should stay in the relationship or if I should move on.

Clinician: It's very difficult to know what to do next, isn't it?

Client: Yeah, it is. And I think that I'm just worried that if I make the wrong decision, then it could have a ripple effect on my life and I might lose out on something great.

Clinician: Okay. And that's something you've been thinking about?

Client: Yeah. And I guess also, maybe there's someone else out there for me, and I just haven't met them yet.

Clinician: Okay. So you're looking for someone who would be interested in you, um, and you're also wondering if you're gonna meet them.

Client: Yeah. I'm hoping that I'll meet them, and I'm also hoping that maybe they'll be able to support me in a way that my boyfriend hasn't been able to.

Clinician: Okay, so you're hoping that you'll meet them, and you're hoping that they'll be supportive?

Client: Yeah. I think that would be really helpful. And I guess also, maybe I'm just feeling a little bit lonely.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: And I think that maybe that's why I'm looking to move on from my current relationship.

Clinician: So you're not sure where things are going, and you're not sure what- what's next.

Client: Yeah, that's right. And I think that's what's making me feel so uncertain about everything.

Clinician: So, on the one hand, you know that the more you drink, the worse the withdrawal symptoms are going to be. On the other hand, it sounds like you're not so confident that you'll be able to resist drinking when you're feeling down.

Client: Yeah, that's exactly right. And I think that's why I'm not sure if I should quit or not.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So, you're not so sure about quitting.

Client: Yeah. I think that's right. And I guess also, maybe I'm just scared of being sober.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're not sure if you can do it?

Client: Yeah. I guess I'm not sure if I can handle it.

Clinician: Yeah, you're not sure if you can handle it.

Client: Yeah. And I think that maybe I'm worried that I'll feel more pain if I quit drinking.

Clinician: So you're not sure that quitting drinking will be okay for you?

Client: Yeah, I guess not. I think that I'm worried about the pain of it all.

Clinician: So, it sounds like you've got a lot of reasons to not-to not do this.

Client: Yeah, I guess I do. And I think that I'm just worried about the pain of it all.

Clinician: Yeah. Yeah.

Client: I'm just not sure if it's worth it.

Clinician: Okay, so you're feeling a little bit unsure about whether or not it's worth it.

Client: Yeah, that's right. I guess I'm just not sure if I'm ready for that.

Clinician: Okay. Well, you've got a lot of reasons to go ahead and quit smoking, and I do want to share with you that smoking can increase your risk for heart disease and stroke. You know, I also know that it's hard to quit smoking, so what I want to encourage you to do is quit smoking in stages. If you're not ready to quit all at once, that's okay. You can start with just reducing the amount of cigarettes that you smoke. So, for example, you could cut back to half a pack a day. Would that be something that you'd be willing to consider?

Client: Yeah, I think that would be okay. I'm willing to try that.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I guess that would be something I could do.

Clinician: Okay. Well, if you're interested, I can give you some brochures on how to get started.

Client: Okay, thank you. I would appreciate that.

Clinician: Well, I'll see you next time.

Client: Thank you. Bye.

Clinician: Goodbye.

Client: Hello?

Clinician: It's Dr. Brown. I'm calling to follow up on your visit last week. I noticed that you checked the box indicating that you use marijuana. Is this correct?

