Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: Hi. I've been better. I'm trying to figure out how to deal with stress and anxiety that keeps building up.

Clinician: Okay. So, you've had some issues with anxiety. And you're trying to figure out how to manage that a little bit better.

Client: I've always been told I'm good at dealing with stress, even when I have to carry the weight of others. I'm trying to figure out how to get myself through the hard times as well.

Clinician: Yeah. So, that's a lot of strength that you've been able to carry for so long and now, you're willing to pay attention to your own needs, and that's a really important step.

Client: I'm just not sure where to start. It's hard for me to ask for help or even admit that I need it.

Clinician: So, on one hand, you feel like you're running out of time, but on the other hand, you feel like you're not even sure where to start?

Client: I know I have to do this for myself, but I'm afraid that if I show weakness, I'm not worthy of love or support.

Clinician: Okay. So, you don't want to show weakness because you're afraid that if you do, that you're not worthy of love or support?

Client: Yes, I don't want to be seen as weak. I want to be seen as strong. I want to be able to say I can do things on my own.

Clinician: Okay. So what-what would help you get to that place where you feel like you can do things on your own?

Client: I guess if I could just figure out where to start or what I need to do. I know I have to ask for help, but I don't know where to begin.

Clinician: Okay. So you know you need to ask for help, but you just don't know where to begin?

Client: That's correct. I know it's something I have to do. I'm just not sure how to do it.

Clinician: So, you know you need to take action to make some changes in your life, but you're not so sure how to go about it?

Client: That's right. I feel like I'm at a crossroads, but I'm not sure which way to turn.

Clinician: So, what do you think would be the first step in helping you get to tai chi?

Client: I think I need to talk to someone about how I'm feeling, but I don't know who that should be.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So, you've got a sense that something is wrong, but you're not sure who to talk to about it?

Client: That's correct. I know I need help, but I'm not sure who I can turn to.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So, you're not sure who to turn to for help?

Client: That's right. I know I have to get help, but I'm not sure who I can ask for it.

Clinician: Okay. So you know you need help and you know that the first step is to make an appointment with your doctor, but you're not sure where to start?

Client: I think I know where I can turn for help. I think I just have to be brave enough to ask.

Clinician: Okay. So you-you've got some ideas about where you might get some help and you just need to be brave enough to ask?

Client: I think I know where I can get help. I need to be brave enough to ask for it.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I'm just afraid of how I'll be seen if I ask for help. I'm afraid I'll be seen as weak.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I'm afraid of being seen as weak.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I'm scared of what people will think.

Clinician: Okay, so you feel like you might get some negative feedback if you quit?

Client: I'm scared of what people will think if I ask for help. I'm afraid they'll think I'm weak.

Clinician: So what you're saying is you don't want to be seen as a weak?

Client: That's right. I don't want to be seen as weak.

Clinician: So, you feel like you have to show strength in this situation and you're not sure if asking for help would be something that would make you look weak?

Client: That's right. I'm afraid if I ask for help, people will think I'm weak.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So, you feel like you need to be strong and you don't want to show any weakness?

Client: I guess I feel like I need to be strong and independent. I need to be able to do things on my own.

Clinician: So, you're not looking for somebody to save you or to do all the things for you, and you'd like to be able to figure things out yourself.

Client: I want to be able to figure things out on my own. I want to be able to say I did it myself.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I guess that's part of the problem. I want to be able to say I did it myself, but I'm afraid I'm not good enough.

Clinician: Yeah. You know, you've worked really hard. You've done this before. You've got a history of doing this, and you're saying you've got some good habits, and yet, you're feeling like maybe you're not good enough.

Client: I know I can do things, but I'm not sure if I'm doing them right.

Clinician: So you have some concerns about what's going on and what you're doing?

Client: Yes. I'm just not sure where to start or who to ask.

Clinician: Okay. Well, I can definitely help you get some information and maybe even make a referral if needed.

Client: Thank you for your help. I really appreciate it.

Clinician: You're welcome. Thank you.

Client: Have a good night. Thank you. Good night.

Clinician: Good night.

Client: Thank you. Bye.

Clinician: Good to see you, Billy.

Client: Good to see you too. Thank you. Bye.

Clinician: Bye.

