Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I'm a little better today. I feel more clear about what's happening, and how I feel. I just wish I'd been more aware of what was going on earlier on.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I just feel lost without closure. I don't know if I did anything wrong or if I should've said something sooner.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I don't think it's too late to say something now. It's just a little scary to be vulnerable.

Clinician: Yeah. You're-you're not alone in that. I think that's one of the things that a lot of people feel.

Client: So I guess it's normal.

Clinician: It's normal.

Client: I'm just going to talk to her.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: It'll be okay. I'll tell her how I feel. It'll be okay.

Clinician: Mm. Okay. So, I understand that you-you've had some thoughts about, um, about getting your son some support so that you can go back to work and you've talked to your neighbor about it. What other steps would it take to get you back to work?

Client: Well, I've been trying to talk to the mom, but it's kind of awkward. I guess I'll just try and make friends with her.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: Maybe if I'm friends with her, I can help her with her problems and I'll be able to go back to work.

Clinician: So you're thinking that if you can help her, she won't need to use drugs?

Client: Well, I'm sure it'll be a little harder for her. She'll probably have to try a little harder to get the stuff.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So, you're-you're not too happy about that?

Client: No. I mean, I'm not happy about that. I think it's really hard for her.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: Yeah. And I just feel like it's really scary for her to have to do that.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: So I'm kind of worried about her. I'm worried that if I just say, "Hey, you gotta go get a job and stop using drugs," she's gonna be like, "Well, screw you. I'm gonna do whatever I want."

Clinician: Okay. So it sounds like you're kind of torn. You're worried about her, but at the same time, you don't want to come across as pushy.

Client: Yeah. I guess I feel like she's got to come around to it on her own. I don't want to be the one who tells her what to do.

Clinician: Okay. So you wanna show her the signs of the baby's head and see what she thinks?

Client: Yeah, I think I'll try and do that.

Clinician: Yeah. Okay.

Client: I'll try.

Clinician: Okay. I really appreciate you coming in, and I'll see you in a few weeks.

Client: Okay, sounds good.

Clinician: I'll see you next week.

Client: Okay, thank you. Bye.

Clinician: Good. Bye.

