Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: Hi! I'm feeling okay today. I've been seeing a therapist regularly, which has been helping. But there's still so much I'm struggling with.

Clinician: It sounds like you've made a lot of progress in the past. What's different this time?

Client: I guess the main difference is that I'm finally acknowledging that I need help. And that I'm scared to ask for it.

Clinician: Okay, so you're at a point where you're willing to at least make an effort to see a counselor.

Client: Yeah, I have been. I still get a lot out of talking to my friends. But I know that when I go back home, I'll have to find another way to cope.

Clinician: Yeah. So, you've identified that talking to your friends is a way that you're getting some help right now, and you know that when you go back home, you'll have to find another way to cope.

Client: That's right. I've been looking for online therapists, but I'm not sure if that will work.

Clinician: Okay. Um, I can definitely share with you some information on where to find good online therapists. Um, but let's start here. You mentioned you've been looking online for online therapists. Is there a part of your life that you're not so happy with?

Client: Well, I'm graduating college, which is making me realize how much I don't want to go home. I'm scared of moving back home, and being with my family.

Clinician: You're scared of moving back home.

Client: Yeah. I don't want to be back in that house.

Clinician: Yeah, yeah. So, you've been, you know, thinking about what you'd like to do once you get home.

Client: I know that I want to move out. I know that I want to be on my own. I just don't know how to do it.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I've been thinking about it a lot, but I'm so scared to ask for help. I'm scared that I'll be told no.

Clinician: That's a very common fear to have when you're trying to get started with something.

Client: I know. It feels like I'm stuck between a rock and a hard place.

Clinician: Okay, so it sounds like you have a pretty good idea of what you wanna do. You know, you're-you're a pretty independent sort of guy and you don't wanna be doing this for long, but it's just a matter of getting there.

Client: Yeah. I know that I'm getting closer to finding a solution. But every time I start to feel like I'm making progress, I start to feel scared again.

Clinician: Okay, so it sounds like you're really committed to this and you've actually made some progress in your efforts to make this change. And then you're feeling anxious again that it might slip back.

Client: Yeah, I do. It's like my progress is a pendulum that swings between hope and despair.

Clinician: Okay. So you've made some progress, but you're still experiencing some challenges.

Client: Yeah. I'm not sure if I'm making progress or just distracting myself. I'm not sure if it's worth it to keep trying.

Clinician: So you've got this idea that you're gonna keep trying and see if it works, but you're not so confident that it's gonna be successful?

Client: Yeah. I don't know if I can keep going on like this. It's like I'm living in limbo.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I'm not sure if I can keep doing this. I feel so trapped.

Clinician: So you're feeling like you don't have any options at the moment?

Client: Yeah. I'm not sure if I'm doing this right. I'm not sure if I'll ever be happy.

Clinician: So you feel like you're kind of at a crossroads.

Client: Yeah. I know that I have to choose which path to take. But I'm not sure if I can choose it by myself.

Clinician: So, you feel like you need some help?

Client: Yeah. I know that I need help, but I don't know how to ask for it.

Clinician: That's a really important skill to learn.

Client: Yeah, it really is. I'm trying to learn it, but it's so hard.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I know that I have to. But I'm so scared.

Clinician: Okay, so you have to, but you're not ready?

Client: Yeah. I know that I'm getting closer, but I'm not there yet.

Clinician: Yeah, and you mentioned that you have a plan in place of going to tai chi three times a week and doing some yoga.

Client: Yeah, that's right. I'm trying to do more to help myself, but it's hard to do it by myself.

Clinician: So you feel like you need some help to get to tai chi?

Client: Yeah, I think that having someone to go with me would really help. But I don't know how to ask.

Clinician: Okay. Well, one of the things that we can do is work on your confidence to be able to ask your mom. And one of the things we can do is practice a script of what you might say. Would that be helpful?

Client: Yeah, that would be helpful. I'm just so scared of being rejected.

Clinician: Yeah, I can understand that. It is scary, but I think it would be helpful if you could meet someone and have a conversation with them and see how that feels.

Client: That's true. I guess that's something I can try.

Clinician: Okay. What else do you think you could do to help reduce your risk of falling?

Client: I guess I could try to build up my self-esteem a little bit more. I know that that would really help.

Clinician: Okay. So, you feel like you need to work on some of those things in order to feel more confident about being with Donna?

Client: Yeah, that's right. I know that having some more self-confidence would really help.

Clinician: Okay. Well, one of the things that we can work on is helping you feel more confident in your body. Um, and that can be through working on your physical fitness, your strength, and also through some positive self-talk and affirmation. Um, I also want to ask you though, if there are any other goals you have for yourself.

Client: Well, I've been cutting a lot lately, and I know that I really want to stop. I'm scared that I won't be able to.

Clinician: It sounds like you're really struggling with cutting right now.

Client: Yeah. I know that I have to stop, but I don't know how.

Clinician: Okay. So, you know that you have to stop, but you don't know how?

Client: Yeah, I don't know how. It's just so hard to get rid of it.

Clinician: It's very hard.

Client: I know that I need to get rid of it. I just don't know how.

Clinician: Well, I'm here to help you. We can work together to come up with a plan.

Client: I know that I have to come up with a plan. I just need to get started.

Clinician: Okay. So, um, I'm wondering if you could share with me what your plan would be. If you don't have anything, that's okay. I'm just curious to hear what you think.

Client: I guess I could ask for help. I know that I need to do that. But I'm just so scared to ask.

Clinician: Yeah. So you're at a crossroads. You've got a lot of information and you're not sure what to do. You're not sure which road to go down.

Client: Yeah, that's right. I'm not sure which road to go down. I'm just so scared to ask for help.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. I can tell you're feeling pretty overwhelmed right now.

Client: Yeah. I know that I need to do this. But I'm just so scared.

Clinician: Okay. So you know it's important, but you're not sure you can do it?

Client: Yeah, I know it's important, but I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm just so scared.

Clinician: You're not sure if you can do it and you're scared?

Client: Yeah, that's right. I know that I need to ask, but I'm just so scared to ask.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I don't know if I can do it by myself.

Clinician: So, what I hear you saying is that it's something that you would like to do, but you're not sure if you can do it by yourself?

Client: Yeah, that's right. I know that I need to ask for help, but I'm just so scared.

Clinician: You've been going to school and getting an education and you're at a crossroads in life and you've been offered a chance to go to graduate school and get a Ph.D. And you're just so overwhelmed by the fact that you have to do it all on your own and you've been trying to figure out a way to get some kind of assistance and support.

Client: Yeah. I know that I have to do it. I'm just so scared. I don't know if I can do it by myself.

Clinician: So, you know that you have to get it done, but you feel like you need some help to get it done.

Client: Yeah. I know that I need to do it, but I'm just so scared to ask.

Clinician: Yeah. You've got some really good reasons for wanting to quit. You're worried about your health and you're also worried about your financial situation. And yet, you feel like you're not ready to take this first step and do this.

Client: Yeah. I know that I have to do it, but I'm just so scared to ask.

Clinician: Okay. Well, one of the things that I do when I'm working with clients is I ask them what they think would be the smallest step that they could take toward getting to tai chi. So what do you think would be the smallest step that you could take?

Client: I guess I could ask my mom if I can go. That would be the smallest step.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I guess I could ask her if I can go to tai chi. That would be the smallest step.

Clinician: Great. So you've got a plan in your head.

Client: Yeah. I think I have a plan. I know that I have to do it. I'm just so scared to ask.

Clinician: It sounds like you know what you need to do and you just need to ask.

Client: Yeah. I know that I need to ask. I'm just so scared.

Clinician: Okay. So you're willing to give it a shot, at least see how it goes, you know.

Client: Yeah, that's right. I'm willing to give it a shot.

Clinician: Okay, great. So, what's the first step then?

Client: I think the first step is to ask my mom.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I think that would be the first step.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I'll start there.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: That's a good start.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I'm glad I have a start.

Clinician: That's great.

Client: Thank you for helping me.

Clinician: Thank you.

Client: Have a nice day.

Clinician: Thank you.

Client: Bye.

Clinician: Goodbye.

