Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: Hey, I'm feeling okay. I'm glad I could talk to you again. I feel like I've made some progress since last week.

Clinician: That's great to hear. What made you say you feel like you've made some progress?

Client: I realized that I've been putting a lot on myself to do everything perfectly, all the time. But it's not working out that way. I still have a lot to learn, and I can't control all the factors.

Clinician: So, um, you've been thinking about that, you know, you've been thinking about what you need to do to be ready for the interview.

Client: Yeah. I still feel like I'm not where I need to be.

Clinician: Okay. So you still feel like you're not where you need to be.

Client: Yeah, but at least I recognize it now. And I know I need to keep working on it.

Clinician: Okay. So what do you think it would take to get you to a five or six?

Client: Probably just more practice and working through things I'm afraid of. I think I need to be more patient with myself and know that I'll get there eventually.

Clinician: Mm. Okay. So, um, you've got a plan, you've got a path, and you just need a little bit of confidence to know that you'll get there.

Client: I think so. And if I can get there, maybe I can be more confident in other areas too.

Clinician: Okay, okay. So, if you could get there, what would that look like for you?

Client: I guess it would look like I can have more productive meetings with my advisor and still have time for other things.

Clinician: Okay, so you're looking for some strategies for time management.

Client: Yeah, I think so. I want to stay on top of my research, but also have time to focus on myself.

Clinician: So, in order to do your research, you need to have some time to yourself.

Client: Yeah, and I need to figure out how to use that time well.

Clinician: Yeah, and so it's almost like you're saying, you know, time is a resource, and you're trying to figure out how to use your time more effectively?

Client: Yeah, I think so.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: Yeah. And that's the problem. I know that I can use it well, but I need to figure out the strategies.

Clinician: Sure. So, um, so I guess what I'm hearing you say is, you know that you can use the medication well when you're ready, and the problem is, you just need some strategies to help you get to that point of being ready?

Client: Yeah, I think so. And I guess the strategies would be things like setting deadlines and making a schedule.

Clinician: Okay. And what kind of books have you found helpful?

Client: I like the DBT books because they're easy to understand and apply. I feel like it's more than just the books, though. I need to practice the skills in real-time.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: So I feel like it's hard to apply it when I'm in the moment.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: But I think that's just practice.

Clinician: Okay. So you're-you're kind of like a leper.

Client: Yeah. Yeah. I think that's what they say in DBT.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I think that's the term.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I can't be in the moment when I'm in the moment.

Clinician: Right.

Client: But I can think about it later and learn from it.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: So that's my problem. I need to practice.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I need to practice being in the moment.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're saying that, you know, you've been in this situation before and you're saying that you need to practice more being in the moment and not worrying about the next move.

Client: Yeah. I think so.

Clinician: And how often do you think you're drinking?

Client: I guess when I'm feeling overwhelmed.

Clinician: Okay. And what do you do when you feel that way?

Client: I usually go to Netflix and just stay there for hours.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: And I know I'm not being productive.

Clinician: Okay, so you feel like you're not being productive?

Client: Yeah. I'm letting myself get too distracted.

Clinician: So you're not feeling as confident as you used to?

Client: I don't feel confident. I just feel like I'm getting by. I'm not failing, but I'm not doing great either.

Clinician: Okay. So you're not thrilled with your grades.

Client: Yeah, and I feel like it's because of my depression.

Clinician: Yeah, and so you're wondering if that's the cause of your insomnia?

Client: Yeah. I'm not sure. But I feel like I'm getting more sleep now.

Clinician: Okay, great. So you're feeling better about your energy and your mood?

Client: Yeah. And my motivation. I feel like I can do more now.

Clinician: Yeah. So you've got this confidence.

Client: Yeah. I think so. And I can keep building on it.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: And I can try to be kinder to myself.

Clinician: Yeah, yeah.

Client: Because it's hard to be kind when I'm not doing well.

Clinician: Okay. So, it's hard to be kind to yourself when you're not doing well.

Client: Yeah. I feel like I'm a little too hard on myself.

Clinician: You've been really working really hard.

Client: Yeah, and I feel like I'm starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I feel like I'm getting somewhere.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: So that gives me hope.

Clinician: That's great. So-so, um, I'm-I'm wondering, I know you were talking about the doctor saying you probably have Type II diabetes, um, and you were saying that it-it really wasn't on your radar before that this would be an issue.

Client: Yeah, I didn't know I was at risk.

Clinician: You didn't know you were at risk.

Client: Yeah. So it's not really something I'm worried about now. I know I need to take care of myself, but I know I'm already doing that.

Clinician: Yeah. So, you feel like you're taking care of yourself.

Client: Yeah, I feel like I'm doing okay.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: And I'm getting better.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: And I feel like it's okay to be okay. I don't need to be at level five all the time.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So, it sounds like you have some pretty good ideas about how you could start working on your stress level.

Client: Yeah. And I feel like I have the motivation now to do it.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: So I can start working on it.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: And I can try to have more confidence.

Clinician: Okay. So, it sounds like you've got some ideas about what you could do to-to get home. What do you think would help you to stay home and not go back to the hospital?

Client: I guess just having more strategies and practicing them. And knowing that I can get support if I need it.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I feel like I can try more now.

Clinician: Okay, so you feel like you can try more?

Client: Yeah, I think so. I can give it a shot.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: And if it doesn't work out, I can always come back.

Clinician: Okay. Well, I'm glad to hear that you're willing to give it a chance. Um, I'd be happy to come back and check in with you, and we can continue to work on your smoking and your weight.

Client: Okay. That would be helpful.

Clinician: Okay. All right. Well, thank you, and I'll see you next week.

Client: Thank you.

Clinician: You're welcome.

Client: Bye-bye.

Clinician: Good.

