Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I am okay today, just really sleepy.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So you're feeling more down than you did when you came in?

Client: A little bit. I am getting the flu so that might be part of it.

Clinician: Okay. So you got the flu?

Client: I think so. I feel awful. I am pretty sure it's the flu.

Clinician: Okay. So what have you done to help yourself feel better?

Client: Well, I took some medicine to help with the fever and I am drinking lots of tea and water. I also took a nap and I am feeling a bit better now.

Clinician: That's great to hear that you're feeling better. So, I noticed that you've been feeling a bit anxious about coming to the GP and that you were worried about being diagnosed with something serious like cancer. How would you like me to respond to that?

Client: I think it's nice that you acknowledged that I had been feeling anxious about it. I think I was worried about being diagnosed with something serious like cancer. I was also worried about having to go to the doctor and having to tell my parents about it.

Clinician: Right. So on one hand, you were worried about the physical aspects of your exam, but on the other hand, you were also worried about what it might be like to talk to your parents and to get their support.

Client: Yeah, I guess that's true. I think I was mostly worried about having to go to the doctor and telling my parents, but I also don't want to have something serious.

Clinician: Yeah. So you're hoping that if you can just take care of it, it will go away, but you're also concerned that maybe it's something more serious and that you'll end up having to go to the doctor and telling your parents that you're a burden.

Client: I think that's true. I just don't like being a burden on anyone.

Clinician: Okay. So, if you were to write down some of your goals for the next six months, what would they be?

Client: Well, I would like to be able to control my depression a little better. I think that would be helpful.

Clinician: Okay. So, on a scale of 0 to 10, 0 being not confident at all, and 10 being very confident, how confident are you that you can be able to control your depression?

Client: I think I would be about an eight. I have had a lot of success in the past with controlling it.

Clinician: Okay. So you're confident that you can do it. So how would you go about doing that?

Client: I think I would be able to control it if I could just make myself get up and do things. I always have a hard time doing that.

Clinician: Okay. So what I'm hearing you say is that you'd like to be able to make yourself get up and do things, but you're not sure if you could do that.

Client: Yes, that's true. I think I have been better about that recently, but I still have a hard time.

Clinician: Okay, so you're not there yet, but you're on the right track.

Client: I hope so. I want to be able to get things done in my life.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I'm still having trouble with my schoolwork. I have been struggling a lot.

Clinician: Okay. Can you tell me more about that?

Client: Well, I'm having a hard time getting the work done. I feel like I'm struggling more than I ever have before.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I just feel like I'm not good enough or something.

Clinician: Okay, so you're not feeling confident about yourself, you're not feeling good about yourself.

Client: Yes, I guess that's true. I feel like I'm letting everyone down, but I'm not sure who everyone is.

Clinician: So you're feeling like you're letting everyone down and-and-and you're not sure who everyone is?

Client: Right, yes. It just seems like I'm letting everyone down and I don't know why.

Clinician: So, you're feeling like you're not a good enough mom?

Client: I don't have kids, but I'm sure I would feel that way if I did.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're-you're not a single parent. You're not a parent at the moment, but if you were to have children, you'd feel that way. So, it's really important that you don't have kids.

Client: Well, I hope so. I'm not ready for kids yet. I think I would be a good mom, but I don't know.

Clinician: Yeah. So, you have a lot of questions and you're not sure if you're ready for a baby.

Client: Yeah. I'm just not sure if I'm ready.

Clinician: Mm. So, you're not quite sure if you're ready.

Client: Right, yes. I think I would be a good mom, but I'm not sure if I'm ready for it.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I have a lot of other things I want to do first.

Clinician: So you have a lot of other things going on right now and you're not quite sure that weight training fits in that picture?

Client: Right. I think I would like to, but I'm not sure. I know it's healthy, but I'm not sure if it's something I can do.

Clinician: Okay. So you feel like you'd like to do it, but you're not sure if you could do it?

Client: Yes, that's true. I think it would be good for me, but I'm not sure if I can do it.

Clinician: Okay. So you know that it would be good for you, but you're not sure if you can do it.

Client: Right. Yeah. I think it would be good for me. I know it would be good for me, but I'm not sure if I can do it.

Clinician: Okay. I understand. So, what would be the first step for you to get started?

Client: I guess I would have to find a place to do it.

Clinician: Right.

Client: I think that would be the first step.

Clinician: Okay. So you're willing to take the first step of getting a job.

Client: Yeah. I think that would be a good first step.

Clinician: Okay. Well, I can make that appointment for you if you'd like.

Client: I think I would like that. I think that would be a good first step.

Clinician: Okay. So, that's a really good first step, and it's a great place to start.

Client: Yeah. I think so. I think it would be a good first step.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: Yeah. I think so.

Clinician: Okay. Um, so, you mentioned that you've noticed some negative consequences of your drinking. Can you tell me more about that?

Client: Well, I mentioned earlier that I have a hard time getting my schoolwork done, and I think that drinking a little bit has contributed to that.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I feel like I'm letting everyone down and it's hard to do the work when I feel that way.

Clinician: Okay. So, you've got some pretty big problems going on for you right now. And, uh, it sounds like you feel like you're letting people down. And that makes it hard for you to do your job. So, what do you think we can do about this?

Client: Well, I think I need to get a handle on the depression first. I think that will help me with the rest of the problems I'm having.

Clinician: Okay. So, what do you think would help you get a handle on your depression?

Client: I think it would be helpful to be able to get up and do things. That's been a hard one for me lately.

Clinician: Okay. So, um, and so you've been experiencing some of those things over the last four months?

Client: Yeah. I've been having trouble getting my work done.

Clinician: So, your work is suffering?

Client: Yes, it is. I'm getting Cs, which is not good enough. I'm really struggling with it.

Clinician: Okay, so you're getting Cs and you're not happy with that.

Client: No, not at all. I usually get As and Bs. I'm not happy with it.

Clinician: Hmm. So you're- you're aiming higher than that?

Client: Yeah, I am. I want to make sure I do well in grad school.

Clinician: Okay, so you have some goals for yourself, you want to do well in grad school.

Client: Yes, I do. I want to do well in grad school and then eventually get a good job.

Clinician: Okay, so that's something that you're working towards. Um, and what about your substance use, how does that fit in with all of this?

Client: Well, I think if I can get my depression under control, I think I'll be able to control the drinking a little better.

Clinician: Okay. So, what steps can you take to get your depression under control?

Client: Well, I think if I could just make myself get up and do things, I think I'll be able to get it under control.

Clinician: Okay. So, what would it take to make you get up and do things?

Client: I think if I had more motivation, I think I'd be able to do it.

Clinician: Okay. So, um, if you were to rank 1 being not confident at all and 10 being very confident, where would you fall on that scale?

Client: I think I would be a six or seven. I think I would be able to do it, but I'm not sure.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're pretty confident that you could do it, but you're not sure.

Client: Yes, that's true. I think I could do it, but I'm not sure.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I have been able to do it before.

Clinician: Okay. And you've been able to do it before.

Client: Yeah, I have. I think I just need to make myself do it again.

Clinician: Yeah. Well, I think it's really important that you take this medicine. It really can prevent you from having any more problems. And it sounds like you're really ready to take steps to improve your health. So I really do think you can do this.

Client: Thank you. I appreciate that. I appreciate your support.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I'm feeling a lot better now that we've talked.

Clinician: Yeah, that's great.

Client: I feel like I have a plan to start working on things now.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I appreciate that. Thank you.

Clinician: You're welcome.

