Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: Hi. I've been doing better today. I got out of bed and did some cleaning. I've been doing better lately, but I'm still trying to figure out what to do next

Clinician: That's great. I'm so glad to hear that you're doing some things to help yourself.

Client: Thank you. I'm not sure how long it'll last though. I'm trying to stay positive, but it's hard when I keep thinking about the future and all the things I want to do

Clinician: Okay. Well, it's a good sign that you're able to recognize that you need some help, and you're willing to put in the effort to get it. I'd also like to point out that the program you're in is not for you to go and do everything on your own. We have a group of people who are just like you and we can share our experiences.

Client: That's true. I guess I need to start thinking about it like that.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: What do you think I should do next? Should I try to stay with the things I've started or try something new?

Clinician: Well, I think the first thing you should do is to think about where you are now and where you'd like to be in the next six months.

Client: I think I'd like to get a job, start working on my degree, and find someone to share my life with

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So, what do you think it would take to get you to that point?

Client: I'm not sure. I guess I'd need to start looking for a job and getting started on my degree.

Clinician: Mm. Okay. So, what would a first step be?

Client: I guess looking into job training programs or looking at job openings and making a list of what I'd need to do to get started

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I also think I need to start trying to be around other people more. I feel like I've been trying to hide my emotions for so long, I've forgotten how to interact with other people

Clinician: So, you feel like you need to start getting out more and being with other people?

Client: I think that would be a good idea. Maybe I could start looking into social groups or online communities?

Clinician: Yeah, I think that would be a great place to start.

Client: Thank you. I'm feeling a little more confident about things now.

Clinician: So, thanks for coming in and talking about this with me.

Client: Thank you. Have a good day.

Clinician: You too.

Client: Bye.

Clinician: Bye.

