Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I'm just feeling a little bit better about some things today.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: Yeah. I mean, there's still a lot of work to be done, but I think I have a good plan.

Clinician: Yeah. So what would it take to get you to the next five?

Client: I think it's just time. I mean, I think I just need to be willing to spend more time on the tasks that I'm doing.

Clinician: Yeah. So, time is something that you can control, you can just spend more on your house, on your yard.

Client: Yeah, that's true. And that's kind of what I need to do. I mean, even if it feels like a waste of time, I just need to do it.

Clinician: So you-you'd be willing to-to at least give this a try?

Client: Yeah, I think so. I think it's kind of the only option at this point.

Clinician: So, if you were to pick a number from 0 to 10, 0 being not confident at all and 10 being very confident, how come you're not at 10?

Client: Well, I think I'm at eight, and I think that's pretty good. I mean, I feel pretty good about what I can do and what I can accomplish,

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: but I still have some work to do.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I still have some stuff that I need to do. So I'm not quite at 10 yet.

Clinician: Okay. So 70% says you've got it mostly sorted, but you still have some stuff to do.

Client: Yeah. I mean, I think it's the same as always. It's just taking that first step and getting started.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I feel like if I can just get going, I'll be fine.

Clinician: So if you could just get going, then things would be okay?

Client: Yeah. I mean, I think so. I think if I could just get started, I think I'll be able to accomplish a lot.

Clinician: Okay. So, what's the very first thing that you'd like to do?

Client: Um, well, I think I need to start working on my research again.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I mean, I've been kind of slacking off on that a little bit.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: So I think that's a good place to start.

Clinician: Okay. Well, I'll see you then in a few weeks to continue monitoring your symptoms and to see how things are going.

Client: Okay. Thanks.

Clinician: You're welcome.

Client: Bye.

Clinician: Bye.

