Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I'm feeling really lost and unsure about my future. I'm afraid of what's coming after graduation.

Clinician: Okay. And so, on a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being not important, 10 being very important, how important is it for you to find some kind of direction or purpose in your life?

Client: I'd say an eight. I feel like it would help me move forward and not be so scared of what's coming.

Clinician: So you're very motivated to change.

Client: I am. I know I need to but I don't know where to start.

Clinician: Okay. So, you know that it's important for you to be physically active but you're not so sure where to begin. That's a really common feeling. I remember when I started going to physical therapy, I felt the same way.

Client: I've tried exercising, but I'm scared of losing my friends. They're the only people I feel safe with.

Clinician: You've been socializing with them and hanging out, but you're not feeling confident enough that you can exercise with them.

Client: Exactly. I'm afraid that if I ask to go to the gym with them, they'll think I'm needy.

Clinician: Yeah. So, you feel like you're not good enough to ask to go to the gym with them.

Client: Yes, I do. I know it sounds silly. I just feel like if I ask to go, they'll think I'm trying to get their attention.

Clinician: Mm. So you feel like they're always watching you and you're afraid of what they'll think if you ask to go.

Client: Yes. I know it's irrational, but it's hard for me to not care what people think.

Clinician: Okay. So, you know that your drinking is affecting your health, but on the other hand, you also know that you can't help what people think?

Client: Yes. I just don't know how to tell them I want to start exercising.

Clinician: You're not alone in feeling this way. I know a lot of my clients who have the same problem. In fact, I was working with a client a few months ago who was sitting at the park and watching some of her friends play tennis. And she said to me, "I'd love to play tennis. I'd love to be active. I've always wanted to play tennis, but I just can't seem to find the motivation to get started."

Client: I know I want to be active, but I don't know how to start. I feel like I'm being pulled in so many different directions.

Clinician: You've been diagnosed with type II diabetes. What do you know about that?

Client: I know it's something I have to watch. I know I have to exercise more and watch what I eat.

Clinician: Okay. So you know that you need to make some changes in your eating and activity patterns?

Client: Yes. I'm trying to cut back on sugar and drink more water.

Clinician: Excellent. I'm sure you can do it. So, um, are there any other goals that you'd like to work on?

Client: I want to try to stop cutting. I know I need to but it's hard.

Clinician: Okay, so you know that it's not good for you to be cutting. And you would like to stop, but you're not sure that you can.

Client: I know I can if I have the right support. I feel like I'm not getting that support at home.

Clinician: Okay. So you feel like you need some more support.

Client: I do. I'm trying to be more positive but it's hard.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I just don't know where to start.

Clinician: Well, you know that you're wanting to have a healthy baby. You know that you've seen a counselor. You know that you've seen your gynecologist and you know that you have a plan to stop drinking. And yet, you feel like you're just not ready to take the next step.

Client: I know I'm not. I know I need support, but I don't know where to find it.

Clinician: Okay, so you know that you need support, but you're not so sure where to get it?

Client: I know I need support. I don't know where to find it.

Clinician: Well, I'm here for you and I can certainly put you in contact with some good resources.

Client: Thank you. I appreciate it. I'm just feeling so lost and unsure. I know I need to make a change, but I don't know where to start.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So you know you need to make a change, but you don't know where to start?

Client: Exactly. I'm scared of what will happen if I start making changes.

Clinician: Okay, so you've made some changes before and it's sounded like you've been pretty successful at it.

Client: I have been. I don't know why I'm so scared of it this time.

Clinician: Well, I'm glad to hear that you've been exercising regularly. That's great.

Client: It's been good for me. I've seen a change.

Clinician: So what is it that you've seen?

Client: I've seen a change in my mood. I'm feeling better.

Clinician: That's great.

Client: I feel more energetic.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I just feel like I'm losing that when I think about going home.

Clinician: Yeah. So what we're talking about right now is not necessarily about quitting smoking cold-turkey. It's about trying to figure out where you can make the most progress in your life, and smoking is one of those things that you've decided you want to change. And we're just looking at one aspect of that.

Client: Okay. I just feel like I'm stuck. I don't know how to move forward.

Clinician: You've been stuck before and you've found a way to move forward. You've done it before. You've done it in the past.

Client: I have. I just feel like it's so much harder now.

Clinician: Mm.

Client: I feel like it's too much.

Clinician: It's too much?

Client: Yes. I feel like I have too much going on. I just feel like I can't handle it.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're feeling overwhelmed.

Client: Yes. I'm feeling so overwhelmed. I just feel like I'm drowning.

Clinician: Yeah. You're drowning.

Client: Yes. I'm trying to stay afloat but it's hard.

Clinician: So you're trying to stay afloat and it's hard.

Client: It is. I'm just trying to keep my head above water.

Clinician: Okay. So, it sounds like you've got a lot of things going on right now and you're just trying to keep your head above water.

Client: Yes. I'm trying to keep my head above water.

Clinician: Yeah. So, there's a lot of things going on, and you've managed to keep your head above water and-and it sounds like you've got a plan, and you've got some goals, and you've managed to get to the point of actually thinking about what you might wanna do around your finances. So, it sounds like you've got a plan.

Client: I do. I'm trying to make a plan. I just feel like I'm not getting the support I need.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I feel like I'm trying so hard and it's just not paying off.

Clinician: Okay. So it sounds like you've been working really hard and you feel like all your effort isn't paying off.

Client: Yes. I'm trying so hard and it feels like nothing is changing.

Clinician: Okay. I'm-I'm sorry to hear that. So, what I'm hearing you say is that, you know, you're-you're trying to stay home as much as you can, you're trying to stay active, you're trying to eat healthy, but it doesn't feel like any of these things are making any difference.

Client: That's exactly it. It doesn't feel like any of them are making a difference.

Clinician: Okay, so you've been on the medications, you've been doing the exercising and you're still experiencing these things.

Client: I am. I feel like the medications are helping a little bit, but not much.

Clinician: Mm. So you're hoping that the medications will help, but you're not sure if they will?

Client: I'm hoping they will. I don't know if they will.

Clinician: So, you're hoping they will support you in this, but you're not sure if they will?

Client: I'm hoping they will, but I'm not sure.

Clinician: So, what would it take for you to feel more confident that you could do it?

Client: I think if I had a support system in place, that would help. I feel like if I had people to support me, I'd be able to do it.

Clinician: Mm. So, if you had a support system, it might help?

Client: I think so. I feel like it would make a big difference.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I just don't know how to go about finding that support.

Clinician: Yeah. So, it sounds like you've got some pretty good ideas about what you wanna do. You just need a little bit of help getting started?

Client: Yes. I know what I want to do. I just don't know where to start.

Clinician: Okay. So you have some ideas about what you'd like to do and you're feeling a bit unsure about where to start, is that right?

Client: Yes. I know where I want to go, but I don't know where to start.

Clinician: Okay. So you know where you want to go, but you need some help with how to get there.

Client: Yes. I feel like if I had help, I'd be able to get there.

Clinician: Yeah. So, um, you said you have a couple of options of getting to the polytech. What are those?

Client: I could either take the bus or ride my bike.

Clinician: Okay. So you're considering the bus and the bike as ways to get to school?

Client: Yes. I think the bus would be safer.

Clinician: Okay. Well, I'm glad you're willing to give that a try. I'll see you next week.

Client: Thank you. Have a nice day.

Clinician: You too. Have a great day.

Client: Thank you. Bye.

Clinician: Bye.

Client: Bye.

Clinician: Good to see you.

