Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I've been anxious about my upcoming college test. I'm afraid I won't do well.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So, you're feeling anxious about your upcoming college exam?

Client: Yes. I feel like it's the only thing that matters right now.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So, that's the most important thing and you can go to school and do your classes and that's the other thing that you know you need to work on.

Client: I have been working on it a lot lately. I've joined a study group and been making flashcards, but I still feel like I haven't prepared enough.

Clinician: It sounds like you've already taken steps to help yourself.

Client: I have, but I feel like it's not enough. I don't know if I'm studying the right things or if I just need to memorize more.

Clinician: Yeah. So, on the one hand, you feel like you've got a lot of work to do, and on the other hand, you're not sure if you're studying the right things or if you just need to memorize more?

Client: That's right. I'm trying to make sure I understand the material, but I also know that there will be new information on the test that I won't have studied.

Clinician: Okay. So you know that you'll be tested on material that you haven't studied?

Client: I think so. That's always the way with exams. I know I won't be able to learn everything there is to know.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I know that my professor will include new material on the test, but I don't know what it will be.

Clinician: Okay. So what do you think you need to do in order to be ready for this?

Client: I'm thinking about taking a practice test this weekend to see how I do under the same time constraints as the real test.

Clinician: That's a great idea. I'm glad to hear you're taking steps to prepare.

Client: I've also started trying deep breathing exercises to help calm me down when I start feeling really anxious.

Clinician: Great. That's a really good idea. I'm really glad to hear that you're trying some techniques to help you calm down when you feel anxious. So, uh, are there any other aspects of your life where you feel like anxiety has impacted you?

Client: I think it's mainly just my sleep schedule. I have a hard time winding down because I'm always thinking about what I need to do to prepare.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: But I think the practice test and breathing exercises will help with that.

Clinician: Yeah. Yeah.

Client: Thanks for the suggestions. I think I'm feeling a little better about things.

Clinician: Well, I'm glad to hear that. I know that sometimes when people start making some small changes, it helps give them a sense of confidence that they can make more changes.

Client: That's true. I'm glad to hear that you think it will help.

Clinician: Yeah. And, um, it also helps reduce your risk of falls and it can help with some of the muscle weakness that you might have.

Client: I hadn't thought about that. I guess there are other benefits besides just the mental clarity.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: Thanks for the advice. I feel a little better now.

Clinician: You're welcome. Thanks for coming in.

Client: Thank you. Have a good day.

Clinician: Thank you. Have a good day.

Client: bye.

Clinician: Okay.

