Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I don't know how I'm feeling. One moment I'm calm and the next I'm just so sad. I don't know what to do.

Clinician: Yeah. So, I'm hearing you say that you're feeling sad.

Client: Yes. I'm not sure what I'm supposed to do anymore.

Clinician: You feel like you're spinning your wheels and not making any progress.

Client: Yes. It's hard to move forward when everything feels the same.

Clinician: Okay. So you've been in the same job for a while, same neighborhood, same-

Client: Everything. Same place, same people, same pain.

Clinician: So you're back again?

Client: I'm back again. I don't know what I'm doing here.

Clinician: Yeah, it looks like you've been here before.

Client: I've been back to this place before. I don't know why.

Clinician: You don't know why?

Client: I don't know. I don't feel anything.

Clinician: So, you're not feeling anything at the moment?

Client: No. I'm not sure how to feel.

Clinician: So, it's kind of confusing for you?

Client: Yes. I'm confused. I don't know what I'm supposed to be doing.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So you're feeling a little bit overwhelmed at the moment?

Client: Yes. I'm overwhelmed. I don't know what to do.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're feeling overwhelmed with all of this information and it sounds like you're just starting to realize that there are things that you need to do in order to get to tai chi.

Client: Yes. I have to find something to do first.

Clinician: Okay. Well, I'm happy to continue to talk with you about this. I do encourage you to at least stop smoking for a short time. It would be very helpful to you.

Client: Okay. I'll try to cut down. Thank you.

Clinician: All right. Thank you.

Client: Thank you.

Clinician: So, what else do you think would help you get to school on time?

Client: I need to find something to do. I don't know what I'm supposed to do.

Clinician: Okay. So you need to find something to do, and you feel like you're just not sure what to do.

Client: Yes. I don't know what to do. I'm not sure if there is anything to do.

Clinician: Okay. So, um, I'm wondering if it might be helpful for you if we talked about some of the things that you're dealing with and I shared with you some information about the risks of drinking during pregnancy.

Client: Okay. That sounds like it could be helpful. Thank you.

Clinician: All right. I'll see you in a few days.

Client: Okay. Thank you. Bye.

Clinician: Good. Good.

Client: Good. Bye.

Clinician: Goodbye.

