Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I've been struggling with my depression lately. I've been on sertraline for years but it doesn't seem to be working anymore.

Clinician: Okay. So you've been on sertraline for a number of years and you're not really feeling any benefits.

Client: I know I'm not feeling as good as I used to. I'm feeling really low, empty, and unmotivated.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I've been thinking about either trying a different antidepressant or even trying ketamine.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: But I'm not sure what to do. I've heard that ketamine can be really effective but it's also really expensive.

Clinician: Yeah, it's true that ketamine can be very effective. And it's also true that it's very expensive. So what are some other options that you've looked into?

Client: Trying a different antidepressant is the obvious choice, but I've heard from others that they don't really work that well.

Clinician: You're right, there's a lot of information out there and it can be confusing. So what do you think would be helpful to find out more about this?

Client: I'm not sure. I'm afraid that it won't work and that I'll be stuck with no other options.

Clinician: Okay. So, what would help you feel more confident that you'll find a job?

Client: I'm not sure what you mean. I want to feel better. I want to have the energy to do things and feel like myself again.

Clinician: Yeah. So you've got a lot of things that you're hoping to achieve, and you feel like right now, you're not even able to get out the door.

Client: I'm trying to think of something that would make me feel better. I keep thinking about how much I just want to die.

Clinician: I'm sorry to hear that you're feeling so sad.

Client: I know it sounds dramatic, but it's true. I just want to be able to feel like myself again.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I'm afraid that even if I try something new, it won't help and I'll still be stuck.

Clinician: Okay. So it sounds like you've been struggling with depression for a long time and you're not sure that anything will make a difference.

Client: I've been feeling like this for a while, but the last week or so has been the worst. I'm not sure why, but I'm at a loss.

Clinician: So it sounds like you've been feeling okay for a while, and then the last week or so has just really gotten on your nerves?

Client: I'm just feeling really low and empty. I've been sitting in front of my screen for hours, just staring at nothing.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I don't feel like I can even turn the TV on without a huge effort.

Clinician: Okay. And so, you've been trying to reduce the amount of time that you're sitting around and doing nothing.

Client: I've tried. I've tried to clean, but it feels like too much effort.

Clinician: Okay. So, you feel like you've done your best, but it feels like it's not enough?

Client: I guess. I don't know what to do anymore. I've been struggling with this for so long, and it feels like I'm no further along than when I started.

Clinician: You've been stuck in this rut for so long, and you're feeling like you're not making any progress.

Client: Exactly. And I'm worried that no matter what I try, I'll still be stuck in this place.

Clinician: Yeah. So it sounds like you're looking for some way to feel in control.

Client: I think I'm just trying to find a way out of this feeling. I don't know what to do, but I want to do something.

Clinician: Okay. So you're-you're feeling trapped and you want to find a way out of that, but you're not sure what to do?

Client: I'm hoping to try something new. Maybe it will help. Maybe it won't. But I have to try, right?

Clinician: Okay. So, you've decided that you might as well give it a go.

Client: I want to feel better. I want to have energy again and be motivated and have a real reason to get out of bed in the morning.

Clinician: Okay. So, you want to feel better. You want to have energy.

Client: Yes. And I want to be motivated again. I want to have the ability to enjoy things and to feel like I have the capacity to love myself.

Clinician: Okay. And so, on a scale of 1 to 10, how important is it for you to be motivated to take care of yourself and to be healthy?

Client: It's super important. I know it's hard right now, but I feel like if I don't try, I'll never get better.

Clinician: Okay. So, it's really important to you to get back to tai chi.

Client: I think that's what I need. I need something that will give me the motivation to get out of bed and to do something.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I know it's not going to be easy, but I need to find a way to push through it.

Clinician: Okay, so you've made a decision to try to push through it?

Client: I have to try something new. I know I'll never know what works if I don't give it a shot.

Clinician: So, you're willing to give this new approach a try?

Client: I am. I hope it works, and I hope I don't have to spend a fortune on treatments that don't work.

Clinician: Yeah. So, it sounds like you're hoping that this will be a long-term solution. You're hoping that it will be cheaper, and it will work for you.

Client: I know it's a risk, but I have to try something. I can't keep feeling like this.

Clinician: So, it sounds like you're ready to make some changes.

Client: I have to try. I know it's scary, but I'm willing to take the risk.

Clinician: Okay. So what would it take to take that first step to quitting?

Client: I think just making a decision and doing it would be the first step.

Clinician: Okay. So you're willing to make a decision and take that first step?

Client: I am. Thank you.

Clinician: Thank you.

Client: Thank you for your help. I appreciate it.

Clinician: You're welcome.

Client: Bye.

Clinician: Bye.

