Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I'm feeling a little better today. Things have been really hard the past week, especially after my older sister moved back home.

Clinician: Okay, so you've been dealing with some things lately.

Client: Yes, like I said, after she moved back, it's just gotten worse.

Clinician: Okay. And-and what are some of the things that you've tried to help make the symptoms better?

Client: I've been trying to reach out to my friends more, but it's been hard to talk about what's going on. I've also been avoiding group hangouts and staying inside more, so I can keep myself safe.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So, it sounds like you're trying to make some changes in your life, but you're feeling a little bit stuck in your head and feeling a little bit unsafe.

Client: Yes, exactly. I feel like I have to be strong all the time and I'm starting to break.

Clinician: Okay. So you feel like you've been putting up a good front and now you're breaking down.

Client: Yes, I feel like I have to be okay, even if I'm not.

Clinician: Okay. So you feel like you have to be okay, even if you're not.

Client: Yes, and I don't know what to do.

Clinician: Okay, so you've been diagnosed with Type II diabetes.

Client: I'm not sure what you mean.

Clinician: I'm-I'm wondering if you could see yourself being able to quit smoking by the time you turn 40.

Client: No, I don't smoke. I don't think I've ever even tried a cigarette.

Clinician: You're a non-smoker?

Client: Yes. I don't know what this has to do with what's going on in my life.

Clinician: Okay. Well, I'd like to share with you a little bit about my perspective on this, and then if you'd be open to it, I'd also like to share with you a little bit about mine.

Client: Okay, I'd like to hear that.

Clinician: It's okay.

Client: Thank you. I think it would be nice to have some different perspectives.

Clinician: Yeah. I think that would be really helpful. I'm also curious, what do you like about smoking?

Client: Well, I don't smoke, so I don't know much about it.

Clinician: Okay. So, um, what other concerns have you had about the doctor's recommendations?

Client: Well, it seems like it would be hard to quit smoking. I don't know what my doctor meant by that.

Clinician: Sure. So, let's start with this. You've been diagnosed with Type II diabetes. And what Type II diabetes is, is it's a condition where the cells in your body are resistant to the effects of insulin. And insulin is a hormone that allows the cells in your body to use sugar from your blood. So, in Type II diabetes, your cells are not responding to insulin and sugar is accumulating in the bloodstream. And it's important that we keep your blood sugar levels within a normal range because if it goes too high or too low, it can cause complications.

Client: Okay, I see. Thank you for explaining that. I had no idea what my doctor was talking about.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: Okay. And how does that relate to smoking?

Clinician: Well, it's really the number of cigarettes that you smoke that makes the most difference. The more cigarettes you smoke, the more you increase your risk of harm. So, if you were to just reduce the number of cigarettes you smoke each day, you could have a very positive impact on your health.

Client: Okay. So, that's the goal for smoking? Just to cut back a little bit?

Clinician: Yeah. You know, the reason why I suggest it is because when people cut back on smoking, they tend to feel better and they don't smoke as much. It's hard to know how much you're smoking, you know.

Client: That makes sense. Thank you.

Clinician: Thank you.

Client: I think that makes a lot of sense. Thank you for explaining that.

Clinician: So, what other thoughts do you have about, uh, what you might do next?

Client: I think I might try to quit smoking, since I don't even smoke. I'm curious to know more about what my doctor meant by that.

Clinician: Okay. So you're interested to know a little bit more about quitting smoking. I'd be happy to give you some information about that.

Client: Okay, that would be helpful. I think that would help me better understand what my doctor meant.

Clinician: All right. Well, if you have any questions or would like to talk more about it, we're always here to help.

Client: Thank you. That means a lot to me. I think that's really helpful.

Clinician: Okay. So, you said you're going to try and get to bed by 10:30 tonight. What do you think it would take to get you there?

Client: I think if I could start getting ready around 10, I could probably get to bed on time.

Clinician: Okay, so getting a little bit of your house in order, getting some of those things done in the morning, would help you a lot.

Client: Yes, I think that would really help.

Clinician: Okay, great. So, um, so you've been smoking for quite a while.

Client: No, I don't smoke. I don't know where this is coming from.

Clinician: Okay, I-I'm just trying to get a sense of where you're at, um, because I know that sometimes when people are stressed, they turn to alcohol and drugs to relax. Is that something that's ever been true for you?

Client: No, I don't drink or do drugs. I don't know where this is coming from.

Clinician: I know that you're not drinking or using drugs. I'm wondering if maybe we need to look a little bit at what's going on with your anxiety. I'm wondering if you've noticed any other thoughts or feelings that are related to your anxiety.

Client: Well, I've noticed that since my sister moved back, things have gotten worse.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I feel like I'm walking on eggshells. I don't know what she's going to do next.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're feeling like you're, you know, in trouble. You're in a lot of trouble right now?

Client: I'm not sure what you mean. I feel like my life is in danger.

Clinician: Okay, so it sounds like you've been struggling, and you're feeling like things are getting worse. And, uh, you said that you're not sure what I mean about you being in danger. Can you tell me a little bit more about that?

Client: Well, when I say I'm in danger, I mean that my sister hurts me, physically.

Clinician: Okay. So what I'm hearing is that you're feeling unsafe at times and, um, that your sister's, um, hurting you physically.

Client: Yes. I've been physically abused by my sister since I was young. It has caused me to be severely depressed and anxious.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: Now that she's moved back home, I feel like it's going to happen again.

Clinician: Okay, so you feel like it's gonna happen again? So what needs to happen in order for you to keep her out of trouble and not end up sending her back to jail?

Client: Well, I'm not sure I understand. Why would she go to jail?

Clinician: Well, you see, when you commit a crime, you can go to jail. So when you hurt somebody, you can go to jail.

Client: Oh, I didn't realize she was committing a crime.

Clinician: Well, it's illegal. It's against the law.

Client: I didn't know that. I just thought it was something that happens in families.

Clinician: Yeah, yeah. So it's not something that you--

Client: I feel like no one really cares.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: It's like it's not a big deal.

Clinician: It's not a big deal?

Client: Well, I didn't think it was. I feel like no one would really care if I got hurt.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: It would be sad for my mom, but that's it.

Clinician: Okay. Well, let's talk about the other consequences of smoking pot, um, so, uh, can you tell me what you know about how marijuana affects you?

Client: Well, I've never done it, but I've heard that it's relaxing and can help with anxiety.

Clinician: So you're hoping that it will help with your anxiety?

Client: Well, I'm not sure. I don't know much about it, but I'm open to trying it.

Clinician: Okay. So you're open to trying it, but you're not sure about it?

Client: Yes. I don't know much about it, so I'm not sure how it will affect me.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. You seem hesitant to make a decision about it.

Client: Well, I feel like there are so many things that could go wrong. I'm scared of trying something new.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: But I'm willing to try it if it might help me.

Clinician: Okay. Um, so I'm wondering if you'd be open to us monitoring your alcohol use a little bit more closely over the next few months to see how things go.

Client: I'm not sure I understand. I don't drink.

Clinician: Okay, I-I apologize. I thought you were drinking. You-you were talking about the effect of the drinking on-on your wife.

Client: I'm not married. I'm not sure what you mean.

Clinician: Well, if you were to think about what your life would be like in five years, how would you like to be living?

Client: Well, I would like to be in a place where I feel safe and where I don't feel abused.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I'd like to have friends and to be happy.

Clinician: So, you'd like to be able to have a life where you can have some friends and be happy?

Client: Yes. I think that would be really nice.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: But I don't know if that's possible.

Clinician: Mm.

Client: I don't know what it would take.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I don't know what to do.

Clinician: Okay, so you're-you're feeling a bit stuck at the moment?

Client: Yes. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do.

Clinician: So you're kind of feeling a little bit stuck?

Client: Yes. I feel like I don't know what to do to make things better.

Clinician: Yeah, so you've got a lot of things going on and you feel like you need some sort of a plan to get you there.

Client: Yes. I don't know what to do, but I feel like it's something I have to do.

Clinician: Yeah. And so, you know, I-I have some ideas about how I might go about helping you with this. Um, one thing that I think would be really helpful is if you could come back and talk to me in a couple of weeks and just kind of update me on how things are going.

Client: Okay, that sounds like a good idea.

Clinician: So, it sounds like you're not too eager to quit. You're kind of just trying to manage the withdrawal symptoms and get through this, you know, you know, this thing.

Client: I'm not sure what you mean. I don't think I'm trying to quit.

Clinician: You don't feel like you're trying to quit.

Client: No. I'm not trying to quit smoking or drinking or anything like that. I don't do any of those things.

Clinician: Okay. So it sounds like you're working really hard and you're really proud of yourself for being able to get to school on time. So I'm hearing that you have a goal in mind and you're doing a good job of following through with it. So what would you like me to do next?

Client: I think that would be helpful to hear something about what my doctor meant about quitting smoking.

Clinician: Sure. I'd be happy to share what I know.

Client: Thank you. I think that would be helpful.

Clinician: Sure. I can make those arrangements.

Client: Thank you. That would be great. I think that would really help me.

Clinician: Excellent. Well, we can make that appointment for you, and then we can see how it goes. Um, I'll give you a call later in the week to see how you're doing and to check in on things. Um, so, I look forward to hearing about how the appointment went, and I hope this helps you get a little bit more support.

Client: Thank you. I appreciate it. I think that would really help me.

Clinician: Okay. So I'll see you then next week.

Client: Thank you. I look forward to it.

Clinician: All right. Have a good day.

Client: You too. Thanks. Bye.

Clinician: Goodbye.

