Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: Hi! I'm feeling a bit better than last week. It's nice to have a chance to chat with you again.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I feel like I'm having a hard time with staying motivated. I'm struggling with my research and getting enough done, but it's hard to focus.

Clinician: You mentioned a few things that are bothering you about your stress level. Let me ask you this, what do you think would help you feel less stressed?

Client: I think if I could figure out what I'm passionate about in research, I'd be able to focus more. I feel like my project isn't exciting enough.

Clinician: Okay. So, in terms of getting more focused on something that you're passionate about, it sounds like you're starting to think about what that could be.

Client: Yeah. I think I need to find a new project to focus on, or just take some time to figure out what I like doing.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I'm not really sure where to start, though. I feel like I don't have enough time to figure out a new project.

Clinician: So you've decided you want to make a change in your life, but you're not sure where to start or how to do it?

Client: That's exactly right. I want to find something I'm passionate about, but I'm not sure where to start.

Clinician: Okay. What do you like to do for fun?

Client: I like to read, watch TV, go out with friends.

Clinician: So, what kinds of things do you like to do for entertainment?

Client: Anything that isn't work, haha. TV shows and movies are a big one.

Clinician: Oh, I love movies.

Client: Yeah, I do too. What's your favorite movie of all time?

Clinician: Well, I think the Lord of the Rings. I really love that movie.

Client: Oh wow, I haven't seen that in a while! I loved that when I was in school.

Clinician: It's still a very good drug.

Client: It's definitely a great way to spend an afternoon.

Clinician: I think so too.

Client: Do you have any suggestions on how I could find something I'm passionate about?

Clinician: Well, I don't have any suggestions other than the fact that you already have a good sense of what you're looking for.

Client: Yeah, I guess I do. I just feel like it's hard to find the time to figure it out.

Clinician: Yeah, yeah. And that's a really important thing to realize that it is hard to find time, and that it's not just a matter of like, "Oh, I'll do it later." And that it is hard to find time to do it.

Client: I know. It feels like there's always something else I need to do, and that's the priority.

Clinician: Mm.

Client: I guess I just need to figure out how to make time.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I'm feeling better now. Thanks for listening.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: Have a good night!

Clinician: Good night, good night.

Client: Bye!

Clinician: Bye.

