Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I'm not feeling too bad today. How are you?

Clinician: I'm good. I'm good. How are you doing?

Client: Just going through a lot of quiet sadness lately. Especially when I think about her.

Clinician: Yeah, and-and that's okay to feel that way.

Client: I just wish I could talk to her. Maybe get some closure.

Clinician: Okay. So, um, that's something you've thought about?

Client: Yeah, I've been thinking about it a lot. Especially over the past week.

Clinician: Okay. What made you decide to come and talk to me today?

Client: Well, I've been seeing you for a while now. And I know that I'm in a better place than I was before I started coming to see you.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: So, I wanted to talk about it. Maybe see if there's a way to improve things.

Clinician: Yeah, so you're willing to work with me then and-and see what we can do.

Client: Yeah, I am. Thank you.

Clinician: So, um, it sounds like you-you're pretty motivated to make some changes in your eating. And I also heard you say that you're not so excited about exercise. What do you think might be some of the challenges that you'll face in making these changes?

Client: Um, I think the biggest challenge for me is just finding the time to exercise. And maybe even finding the time to really focus on healthy eating.

Clinician: Okay. And do you feel like you have the skills to be able to make these changes?

Client: Yeah, I do. I know what I need to do. I just need to do it.

Clinician: Okay. So, if you had to pick a number from 1 to 10, 1 being not confident at all, and 10 being very confident, where would you pick?

Client: I would say a seven. Maybe eight.

Clinician: Okay. So you're very ready to stop drinking. Why are you not at a five?

Client: Um, I don't know. I guess I don't know. It just doesn't feel like it.

Clinician: Okay. So, you're not feeling motivated to get to the gym.

Client: No. I just don't know how I would fit it into my schedule.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: And even if I could find the time, I just don't know if I could do it.

Clinician: Mm.

Client: I just don't know if it's something I can do.

Clinician: It doesn't sound like you feel confident about it.

Client: No, I don't. I think it would be very difficult.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I know I could do it. I just don't know how I would do it.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I know I could do it. I just don't know how I would do it.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I know I could do it. I just don't know how I would do it.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I know I could do it. I just don't know how I would do it.

Clinician: Okay, and how would you go about doing it?

Client: Um, I guess I could just start by doing it. And finding the time and figuring it out.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: It just feels hard to find the time right now.

Clinician: Okay. So you're willing to give it a try, but you're also acknowledging that it's really important that you get some consistency with your sleep.

Client: Yes. I know I can't do it without the sleep.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: So, I have to find the time to get to bed.

Clinician: Yeah. So, it's like, you know, you have your life going on, and you know, you need to get some sleep.

Client: Yeah. And I need to exercise. I know I need to do those things.

Clinician: Yeah. And-and the doctor talked to you about that too?

Client: Yeah. I just need to find the time to do it.

Clinician: Okay. And how often would you be able to do it?

Client: Um, I guess at least three times a week. I don't know. I can't really give you a number right now.

Clinician: Okay. So at least three times a week, you're drinking. What kinds of drinks do you tend to have?

Client: Um, usually just soda. But sometimes beer.

Clinician: Okay. And how much do you think you drink?

Client: Um, I don't know. A few cups of soda a day. And maybe a beer or two on the weekends.

Clinician: Okay. And do you ever think about, um, what you're concerned about, um, and what you've heard about about excessive drinking?

Client: Um, yeah. I know it's not good for me. And I know that it's not going to help me.

Clinician: Okay. And-and it's hard to quit.

Client: Yeah. I know it's hard. I just don't know how to do it.

Clinician: Yeah. I mean, I think we'll see how it goes. I'm-I'm-I'm just a facilitator. I can't do your homework for you. But I think that we can work together on this.

Client: Okay. Yeah. Thank you. I really appreciate that.

Clinician: Well, thank you for coming in. I look forward to hearing about the progress you've made in your substance use.

Client: Thank you. I look forward to that.

Clinician: All right. Well, I'll see you next week.

Client: Thank you. Thank you. Bye.

Clinician: Goodbye.

