Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I'm feeling pretty down today, I don't know what to do.

Clinician: Okay. So you're feeling down, and you don't know what to do.

Client: Yes, that's right. I'm not sure how to get out of this slump.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I've been thinking about this for weeks, but I just don't know what to do.

Clinician: Yeah, and you've been struggling with this for a while.

Client: I think it started with the breakup, I don't know how to deal.

Clinician: Okay, okay.

Client: It's been affecting me negatively. I'm just not sure how to move on.

Clinician: So, it's not just the drinking that you want to change. It's how it's affecting your relationship with Donna?

Client: It is, yes. I want to be with her again, but I'm not sure how.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I don't want to push her away. I think she still cares, but I feel pressured because other people are trying to get her attention.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I don't know how to get her back.

Clinician: You're not sure how to get her back.

Client: I think I know what I need to do, but I'm not sure if it will be enough.

Clinician: Okay. What do you think you need to do?

Client: I need to talk to her directly. I think she can tell how much I still care.

Clinician: That's really brave of you to do that. I think it's important that you do.

Client: I do too, but I'm just not sure how to do it.

Clinician: Okay. So, if you were to come up with a plan of how you could get to tai chi, what would that look like?

Client: I think it would look like me being brave enough to talk to her. I don't know how else to do it.

Clinician: Okay. So, if you were to actually put yourself in a situation where you had to talk to her, what would you say?

Client: I think I would say how much I miss her and how I know I messed up.

Clinician: And what would you do to make it up to her?

Client: I would spend time with her, just us, and do things she likes.

Clinician: Okay. And what about your drinking would be a problem for you in a couple of weeks?

Client: I think it would be less of a problem if I was doing it with Donna rather than by myself.

Clinician: So, if you were able to get Donna to be a support person with you and be with you when you drink, that might be a solution.

Client: Yes, that would be good. I want to make sure I'm not doing things that would hurt her.

Clinician: Okay, great. So, um, would you like to talk about some of the things that you could do to help protect her?

Client: I think I would just make sure that I'm not drinking alone and that I have a plan for how to get home.

Clinician: Okay. So, you know that, um, drinking and driving is dangerous, and you also know that, um, you're not ready to change your drinking pattern at this time, and you don't feel that it's a priority to change your drinking pattern at this time.

Client: That's right, but I do think that having a plan will help.

Clinician: Okay. So what kind of plan would help you get home?

Client: I think having a way to get home, whether it's an Uber or a ride from someone, would be best.

Clinician: So, what would help get you home?

Client: I think I could plan with a friend to be my ride home or have the number for an Uber memorized.

Clinician: That's a great plan.

Client: Thank you. I hope that helps.

Clinician: So, um, I guess, you know, I'm wondering about, um, if you have any ideas about what might help you get home and back to your mom by Friday.

Client: I think having a ride planned would be good.

Clinician: Okay. So, you know, I'm thinking about, um, maybe the first time, you know, you'll be there, you'll be sitting in the chair getting ready to go in for your exam, and you'll be thinking, "This is it. This is the time." And you'll take a deep breath and you'll walk in. And I'm thinking about you, and I'm thinking about what you've been going through, and I'm thinking about all the times that you've done this, you know, when you were in the hospital, and you've done this with your-your daughter, and you've done this with your boyfriend, and you've done this with your friends. And I'm thinking about, you know, all the times that you've done this and how hard you've worked. And I think about that, and I think about all the times that you've had to go through something really hard and you've walked through it, and you've made it through. And I think about how strong you are. And I'm thinking about, you know, you said, you know, that it's been a really rough night for you, and you've been really, really stressed out, and you're feeling really sad.

Client: Yes.

Clinician: -um, and you're also not, I don't think, really concerned about it.

Client: No. I think I can do this.

Clinician: Yeah. So you're-you're confident that you can do this.

Client: Yes, I think I can. I think I'm strong enough.

Clinician: Yeah. And you have some ideas about how you can do that.

Client: I do. I think having a plan will help me.

Clinician: Yeah. So that's a good plan. So how long do you think you'll be staying at the shelter?

Client: I think I'll be there for a couple of days.

Clinician: Okay. Well, I'd like you to know that I'll be checking in with you throughout your stay, and if you have any questions or concerns, that's something we can always talk about.

Client: Thank you. That sounds great.

Clinician: You're welcome.

Client: I feel better. I feel like I can do this.

Clinician: Yeah. I'm really happy to hear that you're feeling better and that you feel confident that you can do this.

Client: Thank you. I feel good. I think I'm ready.

Clinician: I really appreciate you coming in today, and we'll set up our next appointment.

Client: Thank you. I feel better.

Clinician: All right. Thank you.

Client: You're welcome. Have a nice day.

Clinician: Thank you.

