Clinician: Hello, how are you feeling today? Any concerns or feelings you'd like to share? I'm here to listen and help with whatever you're going through.

Client: I'm feeling okay today. But I think I'm still sad about the breakup.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I feel like I'm not good enough without him.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I feel like I've lost my place in town.

Clinician: Okay. What do you think would help you feel a little bit more at home in your own skin?

Client: I think talking to him would help. I think I need to tell him how I feel.

Clinician: Okay. So, you feel like you need to talk to your boyfriend about your safety?

Client: I think I need to tell him how I feel about losing him. I miss him. I think I need to tell him I want him back.

Clinician: Okay. So, what is it that you would need to do to actually make that happen?

Client: I think I need to stop talking to him about it and just do it. I think I need to get brave enough to tell him I miss him.

Clinician: Okay. And what about your mom would you like to tell your dad?

Client: I think I should tell him I feel lost without him.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I think I need to be brave enough to say that out loud. I think I need to be strong enough to say I still care.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: And I think he needs to know that I think he's great, and I want him back.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I think he needs to know that I'm afraid to be without him.

Clinician: Yeah. So, you're-you're feeling very insecure about being alone.

Client: I think he needs to know that I miss him. I think I need to say that out loud.

Clinician: Mm-hmm. So, what would you say to him that you feel like you need to share?

Client: I think I need to tell him that I still love him. I think I need to tell him that I miss him.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I think I need to tell him that I feel sad and lonely without him.

Clinician: Okay. And what would that be like for you?

Client: I think it would be brave. I think it would be hard. I think it would be worth it.

Clinician: Yeah.

Client: I think he needs to know that I think he's special. I think he needs to know that I want him back.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I think he needs to know that I still care.

Clinician: So, you-you want to let him know that you still care?

Client: I do. I think he needs to know that. I think it would make me feel better.

Clinician: Okay. So what would you do to let him know that you're not actually gonna get married in a month and have a kid?

Client: I think I need to tell him that I still love him. I think I need to tell him that I feel sad and lonely.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I think I need to tell him that I want him back.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I think I need to tell him that I want to be with him.

Clinician: Okay. So you've got a couple of options. You could tell him that you're not interested and that you're going to move on or, you could tell him that you do have feelings for him and you want to explore that and-and see how you get on.

Client: I think I need to tell him that I still care. I think I need to tell him that I want him back.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I think I need to tell him that I feel sad without him.

Clinician: So, what do you think you should say to him?

Client: I think I need to tell him that I miss him. I think I need to tell him that I want to be with him.

Clinician: So you know that you want to be with him and you miss him and-and-and-and the time you had together was really special for you.

Client: Yes. I think it was. I think I miss him. I think I want to tell him that.

Clinician: Okay. So, um, so you said that you-you have some ideas about what you want to do. What are the first steps?

Client: I think the first step would be to just call him. I think the first step would be to just say hi.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

Client: I think the first step would be to see how he responds.

Clinician: Okay. So you're gonna give it a chance and see how he responds?

Client: I will. I think that's a good idea.

Clinician: Okay.

Client: I think that's a good step.

Clinician: So I'm wondering whether you'd be open to us coming back and doing some more work around this?

Client: I think that sounds like a good idea. I think I could use some more time to work on this.

Clinician: Okay, great. I'll see you then next week.

Client: Thanks. Bye.

Clinician: Bye.

Client: Thanks. Bye.

Clinician: Bye.

Client: I think I'm going to go try to call him now.

Clinician: Mm-hmm.

